---
id: 125
date: 2005-12-18T22:02:00-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=125
permalink: /2005/12/125/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Met the gang at Highbanks yesterday, where we debated on running the trails or the road. I was keen on the trails rather than a potentially icy road, and happily we ended up running the trails. It was tough going, Mike strapped on is YakTrax but the rest of us just in our shoes, crunching down a few inches of snow. I started at the back with Darryl and Rich, which felt fine. I had my HRM on and was pretty surprised to see it up around 175/180 (my max is 197). It didn&#8217;t feel like I was going too fast, however, it was just more work in the cold and snow. I actually dropped a bit back after the big hill, but caught up and made my move in the last half mile. It always feels so good to stand up a bit taller and open up my chest at the end of a run, I don&#8217;t know why I can&#8217;t make myself run like that always!  
A smaller group set out for a second loop &#8211; actually, most only did a loop and a half. I stopped for water part way through and waited for Mike to catch up, but soon afterwards found myself speeding up again. I felt good and strong, and part of me actually considered running a bit more, but I finished after 2 loops (what we consider 12 miles, even though I think it&#8217;s only about 11)  
loop 1: 53:30  
loop 2: 54:14

Met Andy, Darryl, Big Jelly and Mike for hot chocolate afterwards. I&#8217;m glad I&#8217;ve started doing more social things with everyone. Bridget invited me over for drinks on Friday, which I really appreciate as well.

I had planned to do 20 today after going to the gym, but yesterday was not good long-run prep. I had a few drinks, didn&#8217;t eat all that well, and was out dancin til 2 (didn&#8217;t get to sleep til three, and then for whatever reason was up and awake at 8!). When I was at the gym I actually felt a bit light-headed, so I did 6 miles at Highbanks before calling it a day. I was annoyed at myself, but figured I would make it up tomorrow. Now as I sit here I&#8217;m already thinking I will just push my long run out to next weekend, and have a two week taper. Slacker!