---
id: 12
date: 2005-05-08T21:36:00-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=12
permalink: /2005/05/12/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - Boston
---
Today I set out for my first decent &#8216;long run&#8217; since Boston. I set out on my own, which I&#8217;m not really used to after running with the group for close to a year now. It was going to be hot (and I didn&#8217;t get out til almost 9) so I packed some water and gatorade, and brought along a gel. It was a gorgeous day, and I felt pretty good. I was calibrating my Fitsense so its splits weren&#8217;t right, but I kept a pretty good eye on my watch for the mile splits. I went to Antrim, and ran south like we normally do. I remember my splits were right on 8:15 til the turn-around point (5.5 miles out &#8211; I took my gel). After that the math was getting harder to do in my head, but I still seemed pretty even in my miles. It was pretty hot out (the high today was 78) and I was glad I had my water and gatorade with me. My stomach was a bit upset (the joys of late-night pizza) but it didn&#8217;t really hinder my running. I felt myself slowing down once I was over Henderson and there were a few miles back to Antrim, but I kept pushing, checking myself every half mile to make sure I was doing ok. To my surprise, it seemed like I was hitting the mile splits close to every 4 minutes, although I felt I was working harder. Back at Antrim (1:29:xx) I went to my car and got some more water and splashed some on my face. I was feeling really hot and sweaty &#8211; for today at least, summer is here. Oh! And I should mention I ran the exact miles, I didn&#8217;t start at the platform but the closest mile marker. It&#8217;s a small detail, but what the heck 🙂  
After my little break, I set out for another 4. I hadn&#8217;t really cared if I ran 15 or 16 today, but it seemed like 15 would be easier as the mile markers were laid out. Actually I was feeling pretty tired the last 4 miles, but somehow I managed to hit the turn-around point (13 miles) at 1.45.xx. I was pretty surprised to think about how that was a better time than any of the half-marathons I ran in 2004, and that gave me an added boost. I thought I&#8217;d worked out in my head that coming in at 2:02:30 would be 8:15 min/ miles, so I was pushing for that as I came in. And I just made it too, at 2:02:01. However, when I put that into my training log, it came out to an 8:08 pace.  
I was a bit apprehensive going into the run today, just b/c it&#8217;s the longest I&#8217;ve done in awhile, and I was on my own. But it went well, and I&#8217;m feeling pretty good about Sunburst in a month! Watch out PR&#8230;!