---
id: 31
date: 2005-08-14T19:29:00-06:00
title: Training
---
Saturday was our 17 miler, and I feel like it was the first &#8216;hard&#8217; long run of the season. Sure, it could have been related to the high humidity, or the fact I&#8217;d run 16 miles in the two days before Saturday, but it was pretty rough, and I was beat for the rest of the day.

I showed up at Antrim to find Mike and Meredith had already done 5 miles, so they were already warmed up. A group of us did 7 together, and it ended with me catching up with Meredith, who was leading the pack. (other than Bridget and Brian, they don&#8217;t count). We finised the first seven miles in 56:36. After a gatorade/portapotty break, Meredith, Doug and I set off south. Almost right away I was lagging behind them. They slowed the pace a little, but it felt pretty rough. Meredith and I had sped up alot in the final stretch of the first 7, and it had taken its toll. Meredith turned around after 2.5, and Doug and I kept going. I was a bit out of it and we had to walk for a tiny bit (I turned off my watch) Seriously, I could have SEEN the park from the trail, but it didn&#8217;t clue in. We went it to get water, I took a clif shot and felt better. We got to the turn-around (mile 12) in good time, and told ourselves &#8220;just another short 5 mile run to go&#8221;.  
At mile 14 we took a pretty good water break, leaning over the fountains and making jokes about camels.We then walked back to the path, and as soon as we started again, Doug&#8217;s leg cramped up. He tried to start running a few times, but eventually just told me he&#8217;d walk/run back and to go on ahead. I don&#8217;t generally like to leave someone, but I felt in his place I wouldn&#8217;t want to feel pressure to go harder than I wanted, so I went on ahead.

I have a bunch of random times saved, I think I know what miles they&#8217;re for&#8230; they&#8217;re not entirely accurate as I turned off my watch when we walked.

Mile 07: 0:56:34 (8:05 pace)  
Mile 12: 1:37:02 (8:05 pace &#8211; surprise! I think in part b/c of walk break where I turned my watch off)  
Mile 14: 1:56:26 (8:19 pace &#8212; we were thinking we were doing well, as our first 7 had been in 56 min, and our 2nd in 60)  
Mile 17: 2:22:14 (8:22 pace)

So the run was rough. It was hot, and though I knew I took it alot easier after I left Doug, in the hopes he could catch me. I did do the last little bit (from the last half mile marker to the bridge, which is less than a half mile) in 3:29, and felt good at that. There was a time in that stretch from 14 &#8211; 17 where I felt a little &#8216;out of it&#8217;, as though my head wasn&#8217;t quite connected to my body. I was thinking &#8220;this is the runners high, and precisely why I don&#8217;t do drugs&#8221;. I don&#8217;t like that sense of being removed from myself physically. I felt somewhat like I was operating on auto-pilot. Yuck.

I enjoyed some good nap-time on Saturday, and Sunday my left ankle was sore. Hopefully it will clear up. Next week I&#8217;m supposed to do 15 miles, with 12 at MP (target 8:00 pace). If the weather is anything like today, it will be a challenge..