---
id: 78
date: 2005-11-12T15:16:00-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=78
permalink: /2005/11/78/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - Cal Fit
---
I&#8217;m still taking some time off from running, so I decided that I&#8217;d hit the gym this week for some cross-training. Honestly, I thought it would be good for me, since I really haven&#8217;t done much CT at all since quitting Cal Fit last January. 

Monday: 20 min bike, 10 min elliptical  
Tuesday: 30 min elliptical  
Wednesday: planned day off  
Thursday: (slept in) 20 min elliptical  
Friday: (slept in/decided it would be ok to take off since I&#8217;d try to run Saturday)

I tried the stairmaster for a minute, but my right footfall seemed alot stronger than my left, and I couldn&#8217;t get into it. Every time I went to step down with my right foot, it seemed to &#8216;slap&#8217; and I couldn&#8217;t maintain an even pace. I&#8217;m not sure if this is related to my current (left) knee problems, or just a general problem. I should probably look into that..

So when I run, I overpronate &#8211; that is, I roll my foot in and push off from beneath my big toe, unless I wear motion-control shoes. Well it turns out I under-pronate on the elliptical. The outside of my feet were hurting as I used it, and the next day they were still a bit sore. What the????

I just walked to the store, and my knee is hurting even as I walk. It seems to be getting worse as time goes on! I did miss my glucosamine yesterday, and I switched brands so I don&#8217;t know if that has any effect. I just know that I want things to clear up! (I am wondering if part of it is from disuse &#8212; I often feel more creeky on days I don&#8217;t work out).