---
id: 74
date: 2005-11-01T20:59:00-06:00
author: admin
  
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=74
permalink: /2005/11/74/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - halloween
  - John Bryan
  - John Bryan State Park
  - laser
---
My plan today had been to do 5 miles on the treadmill, with two at a 7:10 pace. But when we got out of our late-lunch meeting, it was really nice out, so I decided to hit the trails instead. 

Headed to John Bryan State Park. As soon as I got started, my left knee was a bit tender on the inside. I knew right away that my tentative plan to run on the treadmill on Wed was not going to happen. Next week, maybe. I am trying to be really conscious of my physical state. I&#8217;ve come so far in a year and I don&#8217;t want to forget that I&#8217;ve been injured before.

So anyway, tonight&#8217;s run. Was gorgeous. I had 7 deer spottings (at one time, there were two deer on the path together, who split off in opposite directions when they saw me). THere had obviously been some sort of halloween run out on the trail, as there were random inflatable skeletons and pumpkins hanging from the trees. It had rained earlier in the day (a fact I completely forgot when I decided to run trails) so it was somewhat muddy out, but I was only out for a relaxing run, so it wasn&#8217;t a big deal.

It really felt great. I love trail running, just enjoying the terrain, being surrounded by nature. The past few weeks have been so hectic it was great to just have that time to myself.

Soon enough, however, it started to get dark. There are only a few trails in the park, so I just kept moving forward. But as the sun set and my eyes had to adjust to the darkness, I started to get a bit more concerned. I really didn&#8217;t have a great sense of where I was. Then I started to get concerned about the sign I&#8217;d seen on my way into the park: park closes a half hour after sunset. I seriously was thinking about what I&#8217;d do if the gates were closed before I got out. It was two miles to Yellow Springs, and I&#8217;d just have to find someplace to stay, then return for my car in the morning. The shuffling of deer in the forest, which seemed so endearing (no pun intended) earlier, now made me a bit uneasy. Not too much, however, as I told myself that anyone I ran into in a park out by Yellow Springs was likely to just be a random stoner anyway. 

Eventually I stumbled out from the &#8220;Abracadbra&#8221; path onto a wider route I knew led back to the clearing. The question was which direction to go in. It was quite dark by this point, and I was starting to feel quite anxious. I was reasonably sure which direction to head, so I sped up. The route was wide enough for vehicles so I wasn&#8217;t worried about tripping over roots or anything, but there were muddy patches left from the rain. I could really only make out vague shapes a few feet ahead of me (have I ever mentioned that my night vision is crappy at best, due in part to laser surgery a decade ago?) but eventually it looked like it was getting lighter ahead. Eventually I burst out of the wooded area, but it still took me a moment to be sure I was in the right place. It was dark and there was almost a light fog over the clearing. It seriously looked quite cool and appropriate for All Saint&#8217;s Day, but I was still apprehensive about getting out of the park before it closed. I rushed to my car, and was mildly interested to see it was 6:11, exactly an hour since I had started my run. I made my way to the park entrance and was happy to see the gates were still open. I headed back to Yellow Springs where I stopped to stretch and grab a drink, and it was then that I could regain my sense of excitement for the run I&#8217;d just had. 

I really haven&#8217;t had the freedom to just have random fun runs like this in a long time. Tonight was a sacred moment, I had some time and I took advantage of it. These sorts of runs can&#8217;t be planned (ok, they can, as I used to run John Bryan on Friday afternoons&#8230;.), they just have to fall into place. I&#8217;m thankful I took the time for myself.