---
id: 79
date: 2005-11-12T23:43:00-06:00
author: admin
  
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=79
permalink: /2005/11/79/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - Fred Beekman
  - Goodale park
---
I hate how I feel when I don&#8217;t run. I walked to the store today and just felt crappy and lethargic. My knee hurt, and I felt like I was getting sick. FInally I decided to head out for a couple miles, just to see how I was feeling. I dug out my old [McDavid knee band](http://www.mcdavidinc.com/brace/prods/414.htm) and set out. When I started back running in 2004, I always wore it, but I haven&#8217;t for well over a year now.

It was about 4:30pm when I left the apartment, and within the first quarter mile, I was feeling so much better. It was starting to approackh dusk, one of my favorite times to run, so I decided to head home, grab something to eat (I really didn&#8217;t eat much today, another symptom/sign of my not feeling well) and then head out to Fred Beekman park, which is lit til 11pm. I had a secret plan to just run long and easy and see what I could do. I actually felt pretty darned good, my knee wasn&#8217;t hurting at all, and I thought if I could just take it easy but get a bunch of miles in, I&#8217;d be feeling alot better emotionally. 

So I did 2 miles at Goodale park before heading home, then after a bit of a break (including grabbing a couple advil and changing shirts), I headed out to Fred Beekman. It felt really great to be out there, and I enjoyed the solitude of running in the semi-darkness. I passed a few people, including a woman and her son who remarked &#8220;you&#8217;re really flying&#8221; on the 3rd or 4th time we saw each other. I decided to Gallowalk a bit, so I walked for about a minute per loop (1.054 miles). After the third loop, I stopped at the water fountain. My knee wasn&#8217;t too happy when I started up again. Earlier today when I was walking, it was sore on the inside. Now there was some odd pressure along the whole bottom of the knee. I decided that was it for the night. 

Interesting: when I took off the knee brace, the pressure immediately subsided. (uh yeah. I had it on too tight, methinks). 

Came home, iced up a bit. Overall, I feel pretty good. I had pasta tonight and my plan is to head out tomorrow morning to get some more miles in. I think I&#8217;ll still stick to cross-training during the week, but I&#8217;d like to do some actual RUNNING on the weekends..