---
id: 34
date: 2005-08-17T16:45:00-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=34
permalink: /2005/08/34/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - Wal-Mart
---
Today was the first day I really deviated from my training plan. Today I was supposed to do 12 miles. I had planned to go out with the 6am sisters this morning, so I made plans for after work. That fell through, and I refuse to run by myself in the morning, so I was going to have to run midday.

There have been some weird goings-on at work lately, so I wasn&#8217;t really happy about having to be gone for along time mid-day. Still, I set out at 3pm, when it was 82degrees. 

There is a 4 miles loop around work, with a Wal-Mart at mile 3, and then the last mile is along a major road and you have to run on the berm. I&#8217;d planned to run the 3 miles to Wal-Mart, get water, then turn back, and do that twice. Initially my legs felt a bit tight, but they loosened up. I was already quite hot before I got to Wal-Mart, and was thinking I would do the full 4 mile loop 3 times so I could hit the waterstop 3 times instead of 2.

I got to Wal-Mart, and realized how much I was sweating. My entire arms and chest were dripping. The salt was stinging my eyes. Yuck. I made the decision to run the 4th mile along the road back to work, and cut the workout short.

I know today was an important workout, because my legs were tired from the 10 miles yesterday, in addition to the lactic acid buildup from the intervals. But it was just not comfortable and I wanted to be fresh for my long run this weekend. Because I shifted last week&#8217;s Wed and Thurs, I still managed to log 52 miles since last Thursday, my 2nd highest week of mileage ever. Had I done the extra 8, I would have blown that out of the water with 60 miles.

I just have to stay strong and healthy, I know. One shortened run won&#8217;t make too much of a difference, not near as much as getting hurt would.