---
id: 122
date: 2005-12-10T12:07:00-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=122
permalink: /2005/12/122/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - Boston
---
ran 6.5 with &#8216;the group&#8217; today. My knee started hurting pretty bad, but I blame it completely on the fact we were trudging through a couple inches of snow. Meredith is gearing up to start her Pfitz training next week, and I asked her how she was going to do the speed workouts. I honestly think I&#8217;m not going to try to fit in a Pfitz plan for Boston; it just doesn&#8217;t seem worth it, trying to get in those speed workouts (knowing how I feel about the treadmill), plus I know I&#8217;m not going to set any great record in Boston anyway. I think I am going to just focus on mileage: I enjoy a nice easy slow run just as much as anything fast, and if I can get used to 40 or 50 miles now, it won&#8217;t be a big deal when I start on a training plan with some more difficult workouts. 

I also just read about &#8217;embeddded circuit training&#8217;, which is a running warmup, cardio between exercices at the gym, and a running cooldown. Sounds pretty close to what I&#8217;m doing now, except I&#8217;d have to add in the cardio between machines. Sounded intriguing, and arguably that&#8217;s where I could push myself to get my heart rate up &#8211; for only 30 sec or a minute at a time. 

So if I try to get to the gym 3 days a week, that&#8217;s at least 6 miles of running. I think our weekend long runs are generally going to be 10+ (lately I&#8217;ve been BAD but I think we&#8217;ll all be more motivated soon), and then if I run 6 miles three mornings a week, I&#8217;ll be right up there. Nothing too &#8216;hard&#8217;, just getting used to the mileage..

we&#8217;ll see&#8230;