---
id: 10
title: knee pain..
date: 2005-05-23T21:35:00-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=10
permalink: /2005/05/knee-pain/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - Chicago
  - Columbus
  - Lisa Miller
---
I played softball with Lisa Miller yesterday, and she asked how running was going. I was planning to run the SunBurst marathon on the 4th. She declared &#8220;you&#8217;re getting as bad as me!&#8221; To which I adamantly said &#8220;no I&#8217;m not!&#8221; 

But the thing is, maybe I am. Not just in terms of striving to run another marathon on the heels of my last one, but because I&#8217;m pushing myself. My knee started really bothering me after the 18 miler. I actually think it could be a result of that 18 miler, and then my sprinting in softball (in new cleats!) a few hours later. Whatever the reason, I ran 18 miles last Sunday, and then 20 miles in total over the whole next week. (4 Tues, 6 Friday, 10 Saturday). I&#8217;m trying not to psych myself out &#8211; after all, I was pretty darned sore leading into Columbus, with a sore hip, creky toes and ankles, and some intermittent shin splints, and I did just fine. I just do NOT want to compromise my long term health or ability to run.

I went out today on a slooooow run with my heart rte monitor, and near the end of it my knee started to feel a little stiff. Not too bad, however. I just know I will monitor it, because I would rather lower my mileage now and feel fresh for the race, than continue to strain. I&#8217;m already eyeing the calendar and thinknig that it is only 18 weeks from Sunburst to Towpath or Chicago, so I can&#8217;t afford to be injured after SunBurst either. I just need to stay healthy and strong, and let things look after themselves.