---
id: 153
date: 2006-02-03T10:47:00-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=153
permalink: /2006/02/153/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
So far I&#8217;m being dealt some ass-kicking from the Pfitz plan myself. Week 2 of the schedule has a lactate threshold run in it: 8 miles, with 4 at half marathon pace. I decided to push it off til Thursday, to give myself some recovery time from last weekend. Well after work tomorrow I trudged on down to the treadmill at work. I had already decided to do mile repeats, since I wasn&#8217;t feeling too confident about my ability to do 4 miles straight at that pace. 

I did a mile and a half warmup, then a mile at a 7:30 pace (faster than HMP, but it&#8217;s what I did my repeats at last summer). The last quarter mile was pretty brutal. A half mile recovery, then I started up fast again. I lowered my speed to closer to 7:45 or so. I was sweating like crazy, and I just overall didnt feel &#8216;good&#8217;. I made it about a half mile before I called it quits. 

My quick recovery meant that by the time I&#8217;d wiped down the machine and stretched a tiny bit, I felt fine, but I couldn&#8217;t bring myself to get back on the dreadmill. I thought about driving home (I was at work) then going to the gym to try to get in some more, but I didn&#8217;t. 

I&#8217;m disappointed and a bit apprehensive. but I guess this is the beginning of the training period, so things should get better. The fact is, I haven&#8217;t run &#8216;fast&#8217; for awhile&#8230; AND my knee was a bit sore before I even started.. AND I hate the treadmill. So hopefully things will get better. 

No. They will. So there 😉