---
id: 250
title: training
date: 2007-01-26T07:51:00-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=250
permalink: /2007/01/training-3/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - Sharon Woods
---
This week hasn&#8217;t been great, running-wise.

**Monday** I hit the treadmill after work, doing 5&#215;3:00 at a 10% grade, with 3:00 between. By the end, I was almost walking the rest periods, and I only did 4 miles in total (a mile to warm up, the repeats, then a short cooldown).

**Tuesday** &#8211; I should have run with Meredith, but my eye had been hurting so I went to the doctor and he gave me antibiotics for an eye infection. I decided to use that as an excuse not to be out in the cold

**Wednesday** &#8211; I started class, so no run for me!

**Thursday (today)** &#8211; I worked from home today, so I could make time to run. I went to Sharon Woods. Before I left the house, I thought it didn&#8217;t look too cold, so I didn&#8217;t even grab a hat &#8212; and on the way, I heard on the radio that with the wind chill, it would feel like 13. Brrrr! Still, I knew I wanted to get a decent run in.

[Sharon Woods](http://www.metroparks.net/TrailsSharonWoods.aspx) is somewhat marked. It&#8217;s a 4 mile loop on a bike path, with hills in the first two miles, and then it flattens out. _**Note, for anyone who went to look at the site, the 3.8mile loop actually is marked for 4 miles, there is a marker .2 in so you can get the distance correct._

I was rather cold to begin with, but as I suspected, I warmed up once I started moving. And boy, I was moving! 

Mile 1: 8:03 (wha?? I didn&#8217;t mean to do that!)  
Mile 2.5: 12:19 (stopped and walked a bit to &#8216;un-bunch&#8217; my sock  
Mile 3.5: 7:40  
Mile 4: 3:44  
First loop: 31:46

Mile 5: 7:38  
Mile 6.5: 12:14 (I felt ripped off: only saved 5sec by not walking???)  
Mile 3: 3:40  
Mile 3.5: 3:37 (&#8220;Whoa, if I shave a few secs off, I can run a 7min mile!)  
Mile 4: 3:23 (ok, I swear I didnt plan it that well!)

Second loop: 30:36  
Total: 62:22 (7:47pace)

Not too bad for just a run in the park!

Tomorrow I have to go into the office and then we&#8217;re baby-sitting, so I can&#8217;t run with Helen. Hopefully I can get a few easy miles, but if not, I&#8217;m happy with today!