---
id: 266
date: 2007-04-16T07:16:00-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=266
permalink: /2007/04/266/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - Andy
  - Boston
  - Brian
  - Bridget
  - Doug
  - Helen
  - Meredith
  - Nancy
---
_FORECAST: The most up-to-date weather forecast calls for a predicted Spring storm on Monday, including heavy rains (potentially 3 to 5 inches), with the start temperatures in the mid to upper 30&#8217;s. Wind will likely be East (in the face of the participants for most of the race) in the 20 to 25 mile per hour range, with gusts to as much as 50 miles per hour. This will produce a wind chill index of 25 to 30-degrees Fahrenheit._

Ew! Can I just say, it&#8217;s easier to make peace with not being there this year. The initial plan was for the runners to be Brian, Bridget, Nancy, Doug, Helen, Meredith and Andy.. Brian and Bridget didn&#8217;t go, Doug has a &#8220;stone bruise&#8221; (which I think we all think is a stress fracture), Helen is suffering with IT band problems (her first doc told her not to run so she went and got a cortisone shot from another), and then this weather stuff popped up. Andy and Meredith are IN Boston, and decided not to run. When Doug said it wouldn&#8217;t be the same without me being there, he was REALLY right!

I talked with Meredith on the phone today (it&#8217;s her 29th birthday &#8212; she&#8217;s been talking about running Boston on her birthday for the whole two years I&#8217;ve known her), and she said &#8220;I&#8217;m already qualified for next year. It won&#8217;t be my last Boston..&#8221; which is a great way to look at it&#8230;.

Ok, off to run a few miles in the non-torrential weather!