---
id: 276
date: 2007-06-30T14:42:00-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=276
permalink: /2007/06/276/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - Bridget
  - Christy
  - Columbus
  - Doug
  - Helen
  - Meredith
  - Steamtown
  - USD
  - web application
---
Today was a highbanks day, and they had planned a breakft cookout in honour of the end of Andy&#8217;s reign as running club president. We had a fantastic crowd; easily 15-20 of us. We had a good 9 of us running &#8216;slow&#8217;, but I spent most of it running with Meredith and Christy. Meredith just got back from Italy and hadn&#8217;t been running much, so she was just going to do one loop. We finished the loop in 49:16, somewhat surprising as I was happy with 49:55 [here](http://runlikeagrrl.livejournal.com/74208.html). Doug and I decided to do another half lap. Well, I did half, he continued on to do a full second lap. I finished that in 19:36, but I will admit I was breathing hard for some of it. Then Darryl, Christy and I ran to the store while the others got the grill started. It was sooo nice to have a cookout in June rather than October or April (traditionally we have them the week before marathons). Everyone chowed down on pancakes, potatoes, bacon and krispy kremes (!!!). There is talk of people running Columbus in the fall rather than Steamtown, as they get discounts (Nationwide is a sponsor, so employees and training partners get $10 off). I am still interested in Steamtown, however, so we&#8217;ll see. I think Bridget, Doug and Helen would still do Steamtown. Doug already raised the &#8220;both&#8221; option.

Then later this afternoon I came outside to see a pretty brown box left by the postman. My garmin!!! It&#8217;s charging now and I&#8217;m eager to try it out. I generally take Sundays off but I may have to make an exception.. 

Lastly, when I was flying to Canada the other week I dreamt up a web application to track a training plan. I have to learn flex for work sometime soon and I think that will be a good &#8216;extra&#8217; project for me to try to do in my spare time.. we&#8217;ll see!