---
id: 1167
title: Bosu!
date: 2010-02-19T23:22:23-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/2010/02/bosu/
permalink: /2010/02/bosu/
sociableoff:
  - 'false'
  - 'false'
aktt_notify_twitter:
  - 'no'
  - 'no'
dsq_thread_id:
  - "68508989"
  - "68508989"
categories:
  - General
---
I failed the first test of Canadian childhood: my ankles were too weak to ice skate! I was okay with roller skates, however, and grew to love the more stable quads, which may have contributed to my new life as a [roller derby star](http://www.denverrollerdolls.org/skaters/bio/kendra-blood/). 

Years later, however, my weak ankles have come back to haunt me. I twisted my left ankle on a trail run, and a week or so later (after taking time off from skating and running), I twisted my right ankle skating. Again, a forced hiatus from sports. It&#8217;s now been a couple weeks of icing and riding the trainer, but I&#8217;m going stir-crazy. My chiropractor finally did something where he realigned my heels (it&#8217;s been noticed I flare my feet out a bit while I run, he may have done something to counter that?) but I want to do more to ensure my ankles stay strong. So? I got a bosu ball!

Yes, I have an uninflated swiss ball in the closet. And an unused kettle ball. But everyone loves sports equipment because of the hope they instill! 

The DVD of exercises won&#8217;t work in my DVD player, so I&#8217;m stuck with the little booklet to work on exercises. Some of what I want is just balance, so I&#8217;m actually standing on it now as I type this on my breakfast bar. Hopefully, though, especially while I&#8217;m low on my impact sports, I can at least keep from feeling like a total slob..