---
id: 2608
title: 'Day 15 &#8211; TBT'
date: 2011-10-15T23:30:34-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2608
permalink: /2011/10/day-15-tbt/
categories:
  - tbt
---
Food  
&#8211; almond butter and honey on Ezekiel bread  
&#8211; coconut water  
&#8211; probar  
&#8211; vega sports protein  
&#8211; quinoa burger on Ezekiel English muffin  
&#8211; edamame  
&#8211; kombucha  
&#8211; seaweed snack  
&#8211; airborne  
&#8211; propel zero  
&#8211; spinach salad with tomato, avocado, tofu  
&#8211; Greek yogurt with honey  
&#8211; emergen-c

Exercise  
&#8211; 10 mile run  
&#8211; chest press  
-tricep pull downs  
&#8211; dips

My run this morning didn&#8217;t go quite as planned; I should have really gone long and ideally at an 8:38 pace (that&#8217;ll be the pace for my long training runs). But I tweaked my knee yesterday and wasn&#8217;t sure how it would be (I slept in compression socks again and it actually feels 100% now). I was a bit snotty before I started, and all in all just didn&#8217;t have the energy I needed. My first four miles were great and then it just became &#8220;not easy&#8221;. I did some great exercise yesterday: the circuit at SportXcel included some good agility and core (that&#8217;s actually where I tweaked my knee: lateral side-stepping with high knees). And kettlebells are a super glute and hamstring workout. I really should have done a better job at stretching/rolling out after class. I definitely feel its good for me though!  
After my run (which was a bit discouraging), I headed to the gym. That gave me some satisfaction and I worked on chest and triceps. It&#8217;s the very lowest part of the chest press that gives me trouble, probably because even with pushups I don&#8217;t go below having my arms parallel to the floor. Will have to work on getting lower!

I was in a rush to go do some derby stuff so I grabbed food quickly and did what I needed to do. After a few hours I started to develop a headache (likely dehydration). Then of course the sore neck followed: I know my patterns. So I had some kombucha and tried to stretch out and try not to get sick! I made it through the bouts but now I&#8217;m home with an emergen-c and a planned hot towel for my neck. Ugh! I sorta want to run tomorrow (training for goofy should include back-to-back runs) but I also don&#8217;t want to get too run down. Guess we&#8217;ll see&#8230;