---
id: 2133
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 78'
date: 2011-05-09T09:25:05-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2133
permalink: /2011/05/tbt-day-78/
tbtfood1:
  - ""
tbtexercise1:
  - ""
categories:
  - tbt
---
I was excited to do legs at the gym today. I&#8217;ve been hesitant to hit them hard after my injury but after skating yesterday and feeling fine, I decided to go for it!  
The leg extensions definitely felt great, those really are the best exercise for quad definition. 

So yesterday my Mom asked if I was thinking of doing the RnRAZ race next Jan, and I told her I wasn&#8217;t sure. That&#8217;s the same weekend as the Houston race, and an old acquaintance from Ohio will be running in the Olympic trials! Some of m old running gang is talking about making that a destination race for next year. Then today I just went to check it out, and apparently they have guaranteed entry with a (pretty soft) qualifying time before the end of May. So, I should probably make a decision&#8230; and run a race! Boy.. if only there were a half marathon or something this weekend for me to lace up for&#8230; (and I only need a 1:54 for guaranteed entry for the marathon, or 2hrs for guaranteed entry for the half &#8211; not a problem). 

#### Exercise

  * warmup: One-legged squats, lunges, etc
  * Weighted squats 140lbs (3&#215;15)
  * Leg press 270lbs ( 3&#215;10)
  * Standing calf raise 315lbs (3&#215;15)
  * Leg extensions 135lbs (4&#215;6-8), 90lbs (4&#215;6-8), 60lbs (4&#215;6-8)

#### Food

  * Vega sport performance optimizer (plus creatine and maca) pre-workout
  * vega sport performance protein (plus creatine) post-workout
  * banana, hemp seed, peanut butter on an Ezekiel sprouted grain tortilla
  * tea
  * fruitsource bar
  * strawberries
  * the world&#8217;s most expensive salad at MAD Greens. I decided to just pick things off their line, not realizing I was paying per item. So, user error 🙁 spinach, tofu, egg, edamame, tomato, sesame seeds, mushrooms, avocado, almonds, beans, plum wine vinagrette
  * seabass, quinoa, corn, tomatoes
  * amazing meal with water

Although I was tired last night, I had trouble settling down. Then I woke at 4:45 and I&#8217;m not sure I fell back asleep. I&#8217;m not sure it wasn&#8217;t &#8220;coming down&#8221; off the caffeine from yesterday. In his book &#8220;Thrive&#8221;, Brendan Brazier talks about the idea of borrowing energy: using stimulants like caffeine for energy, but then going into &#8220;biological debt&#8221; afterwards. It&#8217;s actually a pretty interesting idea; just like how we need to focus on the proper recovery after working out and stressing our bodies, so too do we when we ingest stimulants and stress our internal system. He doesn&#8217;t say we need to completely cut out all stimulants (caffeine is often considered a performance enhancer), but just to be sure we do right by our bodies to recover from the added stress. He mentions getting the adrenals back to where they should be. I bought some maca as per his recommendation, but also have an adrenal support supplement from my chiro.  
He talks about positive and negative stress and the impact of raised cortisol levels. Someone at the health expo on Saturday actually talked about that as well: how coffee increases your cortisol levels, which [may actually contribute to weight gain](http://www.azcentral.com/arizonarepublic/arizonaliving/articles/0329qaweil0405.html). Who knew! 

Last fall I started looking at nutrition as the next thing to really examine in my athletic life, and I really feel like the pieces are falling into place..