---
id: 1820
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 39'
date: 2011-03-31T21:16:06-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=1820
permalink: /2011/03/tbt-day-39/
categories:
  - tbt
---
#### Food

  * pear
  * pb chickpea bar
  * orange
  * Ezekiel cereal, kefir, hemp seed. banana
  * black beans and tofu with tomato and avocado on toasted rye (should have been soft tacos but I ran out of tortillas!)
  * apple
  * almonds
  * salad bar (including quinoa salad)
  * half a grapefruit
  * homemade trail mix

I just finished reading &#8220;in Defense of Food&#8221; and it has me thinking more about enriched products. At the grocery store this morning I bought Rye bread, assuming it&#8217;d be clean. Then I read the ingredients, it has enriched flour AND sugar. Ugh. It really is an eye-opener to realize how much of our food IS processed, fortified, and otherwise altered in some way. I&#8217;ll blog more another time about the book, but the basic premise of the &#8220;eater&#8217;s manifesto&#8221; is &#8220;Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants&#8221;. Seems so simple..

#### Exercise: shoulders!

  * Lateral raise (15lbs-5,5,4,4)(12lbs-10)
  * single arm seated Straight arm front raise (15lbs: r-4,3, L-4,1 )(12lbs: r-2&#215;10, l-2&#215;10)
  * External rotation (20lbs 15,12,7)
  * Smith machine upright row (30lbs 3&#215;10 )
  * shoulder press pulses (50lbs 50 50 50) by the end I feel like I&#8217;m recruiting my whole body&#8217;s strength to complete!
  * Cuban press with ezbar (30lbs 3X10)
  * reverse flyes (10lbs 15 15)
  * Standing low pulley deltoid raise (20lbs-3&#215;10)
  * Cable row rear delts (40lbs-10 5) stopped bc I think I was doing it wrong

I&#8217;m happy with my shoulders though the rear delts need more definition. After I finished my workout, I came across this article with a suggested program:  
<http://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/drobson3.htm>. I&#8217;ll have to try it next time!  
Tonight I went with a friend to see &#8220;My Run&#8221;. It wasn&#8217;t really a running movie as much as a general &#8220;feel good/you can do anything with passion&#8221; movie that happened to have a guy run in it. It is sad, though, that this guy ran over a marathon a day for 75 days and got very little publicity, as opposed to the crazy PR machine that is Dean Karnazes. And this was a regular ole guy, not some freak athlete.  
So between that and the texts and messages from folks asking me when I&#8217;ll be back skating again, I&#8217;m a little frustrated. I feel at the mercy of my body and I don&#8217;t like it. I&#8217;m off to the doc tomorrow, hopefully the news will be good!