---
id: 2089
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 72'
date: 2011-05-03T21:23:53-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2089
permalink: /2011/05/tbt-day-72/
tbtfood1:
  - ""
tbtexercise1:
  - ""
categories:
  - tbt
---
The days are flying by!

#### Food

  * recovery pudding post-run
  * Ezekiel cereal with nonfat milk, hemp seed and chia seed
  * amazing meal with nonfat milk
  * spinach salad with avocado, tomato, red peppers, mango with soy ginger sauce. Still not impressed with the new Tokyo Joe&#8217;s by my work, that&#8217;s twice I feel they&#8217;ve made my salad wrong and one time they forgot part of my order. But it&#8217;s TJs! I want to keep giving them more tries. 
  * apple
  * steamed veggies, tofu, brown rice
  * Ezekiel sprouted grain English muffin with almond butter
  * larabar post-practice
  * watermelon

#### Exercise

  * 4.25mile run
  * 2 hrs MHC practice

I&#8217;ve been nervous about getting back into running due to my PCL, but giving myself permission to just take it easy felt really good. I wish I&#8217;d had time to go longer! I really adore running, and I saw such great progress at the beginning of the year and I want to get back to that. I have been eying the registration for the [Barr Trail Mountain Race](http://runpikespeak.com/), which I adore, but I&#8217;ve been holding off to make sure I&#8217;ll be healthy and happy with my results. 

My knee is weird; it gets stiff and so I get anxious about working it, but it always feels better afterwards. It especially likes to be stretched and straightened. Odd.. but after running today it felt 100% at practice tonight. Hurrah!