---
id: 1746
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 24'
date: 2011-03-16T23:09:34-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/2011/03/tbt-day-24/
permalink: /2011/03/tbt-day-24/
categories:
  - tbt
---
#### Food

7:00 smoothie: broccoli, spinach, carrot, apple, kefir, protein powder, hemp seed, chia seed. The broccoli was a bit overpowering in terms of smell and aftertaste. Eech. It was also so thick I kept chewing it!  
9:00 Ezekiel cinnamon raisin English muffin with pb  
11:00 lentil chips, amazing meal.  
1:00 whole wheat tortilla with brown rice, black beans, bean sprouts and salsa. Salsa and blue corn chips  
230 orange  
4:45 apple  
6:00 omg most amazing salad bar experience at whole foods: chickpea curry, several types of tofu, quinoa salad, salmon caesar salad, real salad, hemp seeds. BUT the question must be asked: is Indian saag ok? I read it was cottage cheese, but the whole foods ingredients said cream?  
9:30 grapes

#### Exercise

Since I got cleared by my doc, I&#8217;ve stopped doing my PT exercises. Today I started to get back into them, and also used the foam roller in the morning.  
Upright rows. (30lbs 5 4, 25lbs 7 5). last time I did (25- 15 9, 20-10 10)  
Seated Bicep curl- 20lbs (r-5,5 l-5,3,3) 15. (r-3&#215;10, l-3&#215;10). I started with my right arm, and when I couldn&#8217;t do as many reps with my left arm, I treated it to another set.  
Dip machine (105lbs 10, 135lbs 10, 10 9)  
Concentration curls: 20lbs (r-5, 4. L-4, 3, 1 ) Last time I did (12lbs &#8211; 20 10)  
One arm tricep: 12lbs (both 15-10). last time I did 15lbs ( 9/9, 7/8). This one is weird: my left arm doesn&#8217;t seem to go back as nicely as my right. I spent some of my energy just trying to fix the angle?? The weight was lighter than last time but that&#8217;s bc I killed my triceps on the dip machine  
Hammer curl (15lbs 15 6)  
Bench dip on ball (20 13 13)  
Overhead tricep machine (30lbs 10 10 9)

Today I went to a clients office wearing a short sleeved shirt. One of her officemates actually commented on my arms! She said &#8220;you must work out&#8221;. When I said yes, she started to guess &#8220;that 90&#8230;&#8221;. So I told her it wasn&#8217;t P90x, and explained the basic premise of the TBT. Then she asked what day I was on. When I said 23, she was actually almost dismissive, and said &#8220;well, you must have been working out before&#8221;!  
My workout tonight was great, I really felt the burn!! 

Today I signed up for my favorite race, the Pikes Peak Marathon! Its on my birthday this year (Aug 21). I actually registered to double: the Ascent on Saturday (just from Manitou to the top) and then the Marathon on Sunday (from Manitou to the top and back down). Hrm&#8230; Suppose I should reintroduce running to my workout regimen!