---
id: 2281
title: Off the wagon.. wait, there is no wagon
date: 2011-05-29T21:01:43-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2281
permalink: /2011/05/wagon/
tbtfood1:
  - ""
tbtexercise1:
  - ""
categories:
  - General
  - tbt
---
So, I&#8217;ve been done the TBT for over a week.. can you tell? I went to bed last night telling myself today was a &#8216;rest day&#8217;. Um, rest days are prescribed by the program I&#8217;ve finished. I got work on my car done, and as I was waiting for it, I went for short run around the area. I then walked up and down the strip mall, and when I passed the second Mexican place within two blocks, I decided I should enjoy the sunshine with some guacamole and a margarita. But I debated about it! Long and hard! And the fact is, I&#8217;m not on the TBT, I don&#8217;t need to justify what I consume. But I think the fact others are still on the program, and some are even planning to do it for another 90 days (and I think I&#8217;ll join them) keeps me aware of what I&#8217;m doing. Also, I know I could still make some good physical gains and I don&#8217;t want to compromise that. But having one beer (and ice cream) yesterday and one margarita (and chips) today doesn&#8217;t seem TOO bad. Not as bad as some of those binge cheat days, that&#8217;s for sure! 

#### Food

  * Peanut butter and banana smoothie, plus 1 scoop Vega whole food optimizer
  * brown rice with green curry and tofu
  * vega sport optimizer with creatine and bcaas
  * ezekiel cereal with kefir, hemp seed, blueberries
  * chips and guacamole, margarita
  * vitamin water
  * bean thread noodiesl, peanut sauce. I didn&#8217;t have fresh ginger so I used cinnamon and it was heavenly!
  * fresh oj
  * ghiradelli chocolate &#8211; finally finished the bar I&#8217;ve had since&#8230; Feb?
  * honey milk &#8211; honey flavor, with glutamine and bcaas. Interestingly enough, the &#8220;light&#8221; version has less protein (20g) and cane sugar, the regular has 26g of protein, and no added sugar (it has honey and green tea extract)</ul> 
    #### Exercise
    
    Today was supposed to be a rest day bc of the race tomorrow, but I don&#8217;t really like rest days, and it was just too nice out! I had work done on my car and while I was waiting, I went for an easy 2.5mile run, and did some random exercises in a park nearby (abs, lunges, hips)
    
    Tonight is race-eve, so I had my pasta and now I&#8217;m off to set out my clothes and read about running. <3 tradition!