---
id: 1553
title: 'Tracking &#8211; day 33'
date: 2011-02-20T02:27:20-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/2011/02/tracking-day-33-2/
permalink: /2011/02/tracking-day-33-2/
categories:
  - General
---
For the second day in a row, I inexplicably woke at 4am. That actually enabled me to eat three times before the race! I had a half grapefruit, then oatmeal with ground peanut butter, hemp seed and strawberries. I did 100 squats and some bootstrappers to get my legs ready. Then I grabbed a whole wheat pitette with ground almond butter as I headed for the race.  
I did have some black coffee before the race, then ran the best five mile race of my life. No more details, a race report is forthcoming. Afterwards I enjoyed the sampler from the local fondue restaurant: strawberry, pineapple, marshmallow and a cheesecake bite with chocolate to dip it in, yum!  
Back home I rode my bike for another 5 miles to get the kinks out.  
Tonight there was a Denver Roller Dolls bout, which makes for a long day. My team generally orders in Jimmy Johns and eats snacks, so I packed a lunch instead: some little pitette sandwiches, fresh fruit and dried fruit, a granola bar and a protein drink mix. Then as the rest of the team ate sugary cupcakes, I enjoyed my healthy snacks and felt great about it! 

I got a ton of complements on my arms, from skaters and fans alike. My flippant response was that I didn&#8217;t know what to do with not being able to skate or run, I&#8217;d turned to lifting! However, I appreciated the kind words and I&#8217;m excited to see what more I can achieve now that I&#8217;ve decided what I want to work towards. 

Food:  
Grapefruit  
Oatmeal with strawberries  
Pitette with peanut butter  
Black coffee  
Melting pot sampler (marshmallow, strawberry, pineapple, cheesecake bite and chocolate)  
Flaxberry bar  
Amazing meal  
Sushi  
Banana  
Low-fat chai  
2 Pitettes with spinach, smoked salmon, bean sprouts  
Dried apricots  
Two Moms in the Raw gojiberry granola  
Banana bread  
Pear  
Apple  
Cashews