---
id: 2123
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 76'
date: 2011-05-07T22:43:07-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2123
permalink: /2011/05/tbt-day-76/
tbtfood1:
  - ""
tbtexercise1:
  - ""
categories:
  - tbt
---
#### Food

  * Powerball
  * Vega sport performance optimizer pre-run
  * Vega sport performance protein post-run
  * Greek yogurt with strawberries, hemp seed, chia seeds 
  * Small salad sample: mixed greens, oranges, almonds, no dressing
  * Tofu scramble with mango corn salsa, avocado, brown rice, rye toast
  * orange juice
  * tea
  * samples: coffee, energy tea
  * Black bean and corn pupusa with salsa
  * Hard-boiled egg
  * Pearled barley, lentils, tzaziki sauce
  * Vitamin water
  * larabar
  * tomatoes with basil
  * rye crispbread with almond butter

#### Exercise

  * 5.75 mile run in 50:42. I told myself I&#8217;d run at least 3, ideally 5. At 3 miles I decided I HAD to turn around because I had a busy day ahead. Felt really good! And my pace picked up through every mile. I crossed paths with the Runner Edge group, which really made me miss running with people. I need to get back to that. 

Frida and I went to a [health, wellness and fitness fair](http://www.theexpopros.com/health.html) today&#8230; It was a total joke. Candy at almost every booth, and booths for plastic surgery and crocs?? We went to a talk on &#8220;Eating for Fitness. Eating for Life&#8221; and found there was nothing the guy said we either didn&#8217;t know, or didn&#8217;t disagree with. He mentioned the Paleo diet.. and eating butter. Uhm, that wouldn&#8217;t be part of that diet.. Also, the few other people in the session made me feel like we were in church. They&#8217;d call things out to affirm what he was saying. (&#8220;cut out refined sugar? Hallelujah!&#8221; Not literally. But close. )  
In all, I think we both thought a health fair would be great for &#8220;people like us&#8221;, but no luck. I was glad our admission had been half price, because most (free) marathon expos have better health info than this did.

Starting off my day with a run, I found I was hungry and thirsty all day. Plus, summer apparently descended on Denver today and it was really warm and surprisingly humid. I definitely wanted to be sure I was well-fueled and hydrated, because I&#8217;m bouting tomorrow!

Oh, and the TBT has been redefined, in terms of what it stands for. Apparently it&#8217;s now &#8220;Tiny Butt &#8230; (something else that begins with T)&#8221;. I like it!