---
id: 2175
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 83'
date: 2011-05-14T20:55:05-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2175
permalink: /2011/05/tbt-day-83/
tbtfood1:
  - ""
tbtexercise1:
  - ""
categories:
  - tbt
---
I was nice and tired after bootcamp and practice yesterday: had a bath and headed to bed reasonably early. I woke up at 5:45 with sore calves &#8211; I REALLY am not a fan of jumps on asphalt. I went back to bed til 7, and thankfully my legs felt fine when I woke up again. 

#### Food

  * Flax plus cereal, kefir, hemp seed, chia seed
  * Tea
  * mixed fruit: strawberry, melon, pineapple
  * Vega sport performance optimizer
  * Powerballs 
  * Boulder veggie bowl
  * Tall nf latte
  * Trail mix
  * larabar
  * Vega sport performance protein
  * Bean thread pasta with <strike>peanut </strike> almond sauce*. This was a throwback from the vegan cooking class I too. Of course, I don&#8217;t have peanut butter so I had to use almond butter instead. Turned out fabulous! I am carb-loading for my run tomorrow, but was happy to stay away from white pasta and sugary sauces. 
  * apple

#### Exercise

  * Day 2 of bootcamp. Some great on-skates stuff as well as some intense off-skates. Joy had a little something she called &#8220;5 minutes of hell&#8221;. It sorta was. We also had a small scrimmage (8 people on our team), so we only did 2-20min periods. It was fun, great to be able to block a lot and play with some different people. 

##### *Almond sauce

Sooo simple!  
2 Tbs peanut butter (I used almond butter)  
2 Tbs soy sauce  
1 Tbs honey or agave  
2 Tbs water  
1 Tbs grated fresh ginger  
1/4 tsp cayenne pepper  
1 clove garlic (I didnt have this, so left it out)  
sea salt and pepper to taste

Blend. The flavours will integrate better if this is slightly heated.