---
id: 2034
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 65'
date: 2011-04-26T12:26:39-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2034
permalink: /2011/04/tbt-day-65/
tbtfood1:
  - ""
tbtexercise1:
  - ""
categories:
  - tbt
---
We had an all-day work session with some clients today. And when I say all-day, I mean 9-4. We brought in breakfast, lunch and snacks. My co-worker, bless her heart, ordered the best we had available from our catering service. Still, my food wasn&#8217;t as great as it could have been. So, let&#8217;s focus on what I DIDN&#8217;T eat:

  * croissants
  * brownies
  * cheesecake
  * tons of delicious cheese

#### Food

  * Green goodness smoothie
  * Apple
  * Shake n go smoothie
  * Carrot-zucchini muffins with Greek yogurt
  * 2 Larabars
  * coffee with cream
  * Fresh fruit: pineapple, strawberries, grapes, apples, watermelon
  * [Flatbread with grilled veggies and hummus, pearled couscous salad, olives](http://gourmettogo-denver.com/store.php?crn=205). I loaded up the flatbread and just before I took a bite, realized it probably wasn&#8217;t TBT approved. I ate it anyway 🙁 
  * crackers &#8211; most but not all were whole-wheat-looking
  * banana
  * carrot cake with a bit of icing 🙁
  * coconut curry quinoa, avocado
  * 2 powerballs

P.S. Why do I always feel like I&#8217;m eating WAY MORE than anyone else on this program??

I was sooo hungry by the end of the meeting, there were literally no crackers left and only a few grapes and random slices of apple. And a TON of cheese! The poor tray looked pretty funny. 

#### Exercise

  * Bench Press: 4 sets of 6-8 repetitions (50lbs+15lb bar)
  * Bent Over Row: 4 sets of 6-8 repetitions (40lbs+15lb bar)
  * Dumbbell Shoulder Press: 3 sets of 10-12 repetitions (20lbs)
  * Bicep Curl: 3 sets of 10-12 repetitions (1-20lbs, 2-15lbs)
  * Rope Tricep Pull-downs: 4 sets of 6-8 repetitions, did 40-30-30-30lbs)
  * (my addition) Flexed arm hang
  * (my addition) Rotation 4 sets of 4-6 repetitions (25lbs)
  * (my addition) tricep ezbar 3&#215;10-12 (30lbs)
  * Abs
  * 2 hr team practice

I felt ok at the gym today, but not like it was as good a workout as I&#8217;ve done recently. I was disappointed with my bicep curls: I felt weak and struggled to get the reps in. I also NEED to do more ab work, I&#8217;ve been slacking on it and really want to see more results. I was a bit nervous skating: the back of my knee actually has a little bruise. It doesn&#8217;t hurt per se, but it&#8217;s not at 100% yet. 🙁