---
id: 2044
title: 'TBT &#8211; 117'
date: 2011-04-27T09:00:53-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2044
permalink: /2011/04/tbt-117/
tbtfood1:
  - ""
tbtexercise1:
  - ""
categories:
  - tbt
---
Before I write about what I did today, a nice dose of inspiration for ya! Yes. I cried. Are you surprised?



#### Food

  * 5:45am &#8211; Pear pre-workout
  * 7:30am &#8211; Apple, Shake n go smoothie Post-workout
  * 7:30am &#8211; coffee with cream post-workout
  * 8:45am &#8211; Breakfast: Spinach, egg, mushroom on a whole wheat bagel
  * 11:30am &#8211; almonds
  * 12:15pm &#8211; black beans, brown rice, spinach, tomato, roasted veggies
  * 2:15pm &#8211; Amazing meal drink with nonfat milk
  * 4:15pm &#8211; cottage cheese with [blue corn chips](http://www.foodshouldtastegood.com/#/blue_corn/). I forgot how yummy cottage cheese can be!
  * 6:30pm &#8211; smoothie: egg whites, kefir, watermelon, apple, orange, banana, frozen fruit, oatmeal, hemp protein powder, hemp seed, chia seed, wheat germ, glutamine pre-practice
  * 9:00pm &#8211; powerball between scrimmage and team practice
  * 10:00pm &#8211; carrot bread post-practice

#### Exercise

Today I was set to meet Rebeccah at 6am, but she slept through her alarm and didn&#8217;t make it in on time. So, I did my own thing. Yesterday my knee felt &#8220;tight&#8221; so I decided to do some legwork to try to work it out. It actually DID feel better afterwards!And I felt a LOT more comfortable skating, thank goodness!

  * Grapevines
  * Knee tuck jumps
  * Potty Squats
  * Box Jumps
  * Side-to-side ski jumps
  * Front-to-back jumps
  * One foot side-to-side ski jumps
  * One leg squats
  * Romanian deadlifts
  * Abs
  * 2hr scrimmage, 1hr team practice

I also decided I&#8217;m going to do the [20 Burpees a Day il Memorial Day Challenge](http://www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=104454282974712). 

The 117 in the title? That was my weight this morning. I was a bit surprised to see it, but I guess that was part of the point of this creatine, right? 

And I also have to give a little shout-out to my Mom. When my folks were visiting me the other month, I lent her my Eat Clean book and she said she&#8217;s been doing it! I&#8217;m very proud and happy for her! 

I haven&#8217;t had a full-on cheat day since we were in Seattle last weekend, but I do admit I&#8217;m feeling more small cravings for chocolate or sweet stuff. I know there are &#8220;natural sweeteners&#8221; but I want to remember that that stuff isn&#8217;t nutritionally-dense; it&#8217;s just there for the tastebuds. I want to be sure I&#8217;m continuing to eat food that is good for me and will help me meet my goals. I suspect if I&#8217;m going to stick with this type of eating for the long term (which is the plan), I will have to find some compromises, for example, real cocoa instead of the sugary stuff we call chocolate. 

Hey! I just thought of something. In Canada, we called things like KitKats and such &#8220;Chocolate bars&#8221;, whereas here they call them &#8220;candy bars&#8221;. If you look at the ingredients, they&#8217;re really more sugar than true &#8216;chocolate&#8217; (as in, cocoa), right? So perhaps the American name really does make sense!