---
id: 2593
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 13'
date: 2011-10-13T23:00:12-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2593
permalink: /2011/10/tbt-day-13-2/
categories:
  - tbt
---
Food  
&#8211; Peanut butter and banana on Ezekiel sandwich  
&#8211; tea  
&#8211; coffee with half and half creamer (!) it was cold in the office and I decided to mix it up a bit  
&#8211; probar superfood slam  
&#8211; sesame tofu and brown rice  
&#8211; vega sport optimizer pre-workout  
&#8211; vega sport protein post-workout  
&#8211; greek yogurt with honey  
&#8211; black bean and vegetable soup with whole wheat crackers

Exercise  
I&#8217;d actually considered taking today as a rest day since I&#8217;ve been doing two-a-days, but I managed to get away from work and took the opportunity to get started on using up another soon-to-expire Living Social deal, a month of training with [SportXcel](http://www.sportxcel.com). What a shame, they&#8217;re not even 5 minutes from my old office-I should have taken advantage while we were there! Today&#8217;s workout was Upper Body. I was shocked at how quickly my muscles were fatigued. We did three different circuits, each through twice. The first was mostly shoulders, then we did biceps and triceps. We used weights, body weight, and cables. The very last thing we did was hold a foam roller above our heads, arms outstretched and straight, and simply walk for three minutes. It was amazing how that was just the final finishing touch to exhaustion! Out in the car, my arms shook as I tried to pour my protein powder into the bottle. Now that&#8217;s a good workout!