---
id: 1645
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 8'
date: 2011-02-28T16:18:52-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=1645
permalink: /2011/02/tbt-day-8/
categories:
  - General
  - tbt
---
Well, I jinxed myself yesterday when I said I&#8217;d had no rest or cheat days. 

Food:  
Kefir, Ezekiel cereal, hemp seed, chia seed  
Apple  
Banana  
Grapefruit, cottage cheese  
Nonfat chai  
Quinoa, tempeh, steamed carrots  
Tokyo Joe&#8217;s Kihei salad with tofu  
frozen yogurt with cheesecake chunks, fruit and peanuts  
airborne

Exercise:  
In the morning I did my entire suite of PT exercises. Since starting the TBT, I haven&#8217;t done all of them. It&#8217;s about a half hour of glutes, hips, IT band and lower back. Today was also my follow-up appointment with Dr. Vidal. The meeting went fine, she basically asked me how I felt, suggested I keep going to PT for a few more weeks if I think it helps, and wished me well.  
As the day went on I felt less and less well: and it didn&#8217;t help that my boss sat next to me in a meeting this morning coughing away. She was apparently very sick this weekend, but still doesn&#8217;t sound good. I better not get sick! This is a pretty hectic week for me, so I better be sure my immune system is up for the task (flight tomorrow at 6am, Wednesday at 11am, Friday at 8:30am, derby potentially Friday, Saturday, Sunday, flight back Monday). I had roller derby practice scheduled this evening, but I got caught at work late preparing for my trip tomorrow so I missed it.

Although I swear I know better, mid-afternoon I headed out and got a stabucks chai to try to stave off my headache. Honestly, I DO know better. My guess (hope) is that we have a change in barometric pressure coming in and that&#8217;s the reason for my headache. Then after I missed practice I felt sorry for myself and heartily enjoyed my wonton strips and candied ginger in my Tokyo Joe&#8217;s salad, and then had frozen yogurt. But alas, I&#8217;m really not a good cheater even when I&#8217;m trying to be: I avoided the chocolate and mostly candied toppings. It was as though I felt I SHOULD treat myself, but didn&#8217;t really care that much to be really bad. After all, the purpose of this program/diet isn&#8217;t to deprive myself for the sake of deprivation, it&#8217;s because certain things are better for you. 

I&#8217;ve been listening to some of the podcasts that came with the [No Meat Athlete Marathon Roadmap](http://www.nomeatathlete.com/marathon-roadmap/) and they&#8217;re REALLY interesting. Worthy of a post all their own, for sure. But one thing today really resonated with me. Matt Ruscigno (a certified nutritionist and vegan) said that it&#8217;s not so much about what you don&#8217;t eat, but what you do eat. Vegetarians are more likely to be anemic than vegans, because they are taking in dairy, which has no iron. They then have to get their iron from the remainder of their diet (say 90% of what they take in). In contrast, a vegan who only eats plants is getting some iron in everything, because basically all plants have some level of iron. It&#8217;s just a really interesting way to look at it, but it makes total sense. If you&#8217;re eating crap, that means you&#8217;re NOT eating nutrient-rich food. You could be a more healthy omnivore if you&#8217;re eating good stuff most of the time than if you&#8217;re a vegetarian living off french fries. It&#8217;s not the lack of meat that makes you healthier (ignoring things like toxins, of course).

Weighed myself today, scale is going the wrong way: 110. However, my weight fluctuates so much I&#8217;m not going to put too much stock in it.