---
id: 2025
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 64'
date: 2011-04-25T22:30:58-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2025
permalink: /2011/04/tbt-day-64/
tbtfood1:
  - ""
tbtexercise1:
  - ""
categories:
  - tbt
---
Today was my first bad smoothie experience. I didn&#8217;t put in fresh fruit like I usually do, and it was super thick. I added more kefir, and that just made it sour. I actually threw it away. 🙁

Had a poor sleep and am feeling tired and emotionally drained, and part of me really just wanted to treat myself to some Starbucks deliciousness, like a white chocolate mocha with two pumps of hazelnut. But I recognized what I was doing: wanting to use stimulants to try to prop myself up. So I told myself to honor my body and treat it properly instead of getting into a tailspin of artificial energy. I also thought about drinking after work. Instead, I went grocery shopping. My one &#8220;special treat&#8221;? Kombucha. 

#### Food

  * coconut almond meal pack
  * tea
  * hemp hummus,spinach, tomato on pumpernickel bread, sugar snap peas
  * sardines and whole wheat crackers. Looking at the poor little sardines and trying to break apart their bodies and having their spines try to hold together GROSSED ME OUT. I threw most of them away. I may be done with fish, or at least anything I can recognize 
  * orange
  * fruit strip
  * dates
  * kombucha
  * sweet potato vermicelli with coconut curry sauce. These things don&#8217;t really go together.

#### Exercise

  * rest day. I needed it both physically and emotionally.