---
id: 1823
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 40'
date: 2011-04-01T21:39:09-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/2011/04/tbt-day-40/
permalink: /2011/04/tbt-day-40/
categories:
  - tbt
---
#### Food

  * smoothie: yogurt, egg whites, banana, orange, grapefruit, mixed berries, mustard greens, glutamine, wheat germ, flax seed, chia seed, hemp protein powder.
  * pb chickpea bar
  * probar superfood slam
  * quinoa, steamed carrots
  * apple
  * banana, pb, hemp seed on whole wheat tortilla
  * whole wheat pita chips with hatchamole
  * a tiny bit of salad
  * banana
  * Greek yogurt with trail mix
  * hard-boiled egg

#### Exercise: back and chest 

  *   * Close grip lat pulldown (90lbs-5 )(110lbs-4, 4,2) 
      * Lat row (90lbs-3&#215;4)(70lbs-3&#215;6)
      * the mother of all Chest presses-(170-5 5)(150-5 9)(120lbs-10 10)(100lbs 10 10)(80 10 10)
    Back hyperextensions (25lbs back 10, left 10 right 10)</li> 
    
      * dumbbell shrugs (25lbs 3&#215;15)
      * Dumbbell flyes on bench superset with dumbbell bench press on bench (20lbs 10) by this time my arms were shaking!</ul> 
    
    I need to be smarter about scheduling workouts. A lot of back and chest exercises also hit up the shoulders and I wasn&#8217;t as fresh as I could have been.  
    Last night I was reading some stuff on vegetarian bodybuilders and the claim (of which I&#8217;m not convinced) was that vegetarians should do shorter, more intense sets to avoid muscle loss. I was also a bit short on time today so I tried to up the weight in some cases.
    
    Went to the doc today for a follow-up, they took my pulse at 54. Nice! Though I still have fluid on my knee, it is healing up. 
    
    Today we ordered pizza and cake for my boss&#8217; birthday. His wife (also my boss) is not a big supporter of the TBT. She declared I was &#8220;depriving myself of the joys of life&#8221;. Although I&#8217;m less than halfway through, I&#8217;m already wondering about a maintenance plan. It&#8217;s interesting, I find I&#8217;m perhaps overdoing it on the cheat days, treating myself more than I did before I was on the plan. Some balance is in order!