---
id: 1379
title: Fitness
date: 2011-01-08T13:45:26-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=1379
permalink: /2011/01/fitness/
categories:
  - General
---
Hard to believe I&#8217;ll be in Arizona in a week! Time sure flew preparing for this race.

As I&#8217;ve said before, I&#8217;m pretty happy with this training plan. The focus on quality workouts helped me stay on track and feel like I was making progress. 

We started back at roller derby last week and I felt really strong. Three different skaters mentioned that I looked like I&#8217;ve lost weight. It&#8217;s true &#8211; I dropped from the 117 I&#8217;ve been pretty consistently for years down to a fluid 113 (the other day it was 111, but then bumped back up). 

A friend is doing a &#8220;90day Total Body Transformation&#8221; program that has her watching her nutrition as well as exercising, and it&#8217;s helped me to think a bit more about my nutrition. I know that it&#8217;s the logical next step to my improving physically. While I&#8217;ve tried to make healthy food choices, I rely a fair amount on sugar and caffeine to get through my day. I&#8217;ve ramped up on protein that leaves me feeling stronger and satiated, and I am going to also try to be more careful about my sodium intake. 

The challenge of course is that I don&#8217;t cook: I eat a lot of prepared meals which are full of preservatives and such. So.. I am going to try to go out of my way to take the time to cook some. I actually used to really like to bake, so who knows if I may enjoy cooking..??

With the couple fewer pounds, I feel like my body is really showing some decent muscle (especially given the fact I don&#8217;t do strength training with any regularity). I tend to develop muscle quickly when I do try, so I&#8217;m going to put some effort towards it and just try to improve my overall strength and fitness. 

**EDIT:** As suspected, just found this article on [how protein contributes to weight loss](http://www.womenshealthmag.com/weight-loss/protein-weight-loss). Although I upped my intake to try to help with muscle, I&#8217;ve definitely seen this side effect.