---
id: 2059
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 67'
date: 2011-04-28T23:08:09-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2059
permalink: /2011/04/tbt-day-67/
tbtfood1:
  - ""
tbtexercise1:
  - ""
categories:
  - tbt
---
Wednesdays are rough. Up early to meet my trainer, then a 3hr practice after work. With my shorter commute, at least now I get home before 10:30, but it&#8217;s not as though I can go right to sleep! My alarm went off at 5:15am this morning, but I couldn&#8217;t make myself get up and out of bed. Especially since I know I&#8217;ll be getting up crazy early tomorrow for a 6am flight 🙁 

#### Exercise

  * burpees
  * lunges
  * kettlebell workout (video)
  * abs

Soooo&#8230; sucktastic, but I&#8217;m not rostered for Saturday. I have mixed emotions about it. Honestly, it&#8217;s my pride that&#8217;s hurt over not playing, but practically I know it&#8217;s smart. I think it&#8217;d be better for me to focus on healing and getting stronger than bouting&#8230; THIS weekend ;^) A few more days and hopefully I can face off against Rose again next Sunday. 

#### Food

  * 8:00am apple cinnamon protein pancakes. The apple threw off the consistency 🙁
  * 9:00am smoothie: egg whites, kefir, watermelon, apple, orange, banana, frozen fruit, oatmeal, hemp protein powder, hemp seed, chia seed, wheat germ, glutamine
  * 10:00am banana, peanut butter and hemp seed in a Ezekiel sprouted grain tortilla, strawberries, grapes
  * 12:30pm &#8211; sushi, spinach salad with tofu, avocado, 
  * 3:00pm fruitein protein powder with nf milk
  * 5:15pm orange
  * salad, hummus and pita, a handful of frites :-((
  * larabar

Tonight I volunteered at a local restaurant for Dining Out For Life. Angela and I skated around the restaurant for several hours, telling patrons about the event. We ate there, but the salad wasn&#8217;t terribly filling and I ended up tasting a few fries off a friends plate. Whoops&#8230;