---
id: 1695
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 18'
date: 2011-03-11T00:14:01-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=1695
permalink: /2011/03/tbt-day-18/
categories:
  - General
  - tbt
---
Day 18 &#8211; 20% done!  
And how&#8217;s it going? overall, it&#8217;s ok. I&#8217;ve found a few times I&#8217;m bummed out about foregoing some fabulous food but overall it hasn&#8217;t been too bad. I think my biggest problem is that the novelty has worn off. I eased my way into this, tracking my food for over a month before I officially started. I was probably doing about 85% of the Eat Clean diet before I started. So now that I&#8217;m at 100%, I&#8217;m feeling sorta bored with Greek yogurt and cottage cheese. But, until I take the initiative to seek out some different snacks, at least I know I&#8217;m in control.  
The questions people have about the program are pretty interesting. It seems some think it&#8217;s a flat-out diet, with calorie restrictions (it&#8217;s not). I heard someone else say it was non-carb (it&#8217;s absolutely not). For me, the balance of a lean protein and a complex carb at each of the recommended 6 meals a day is great. It helps keep me conscious of how I&#8217;m combining things. I really suspect I&#8217;ve long been low on protein, even when I was eating meat. Now that I&#8217;m careful to have a bit of both, I think I&#8217;m really giving my body what it needs. Not having cheese is actually not quite as bad as I&#8217;d have thought, though I don&#8217;t think I&#8217;m ready to give it up for good anytime soon!  
Exercise-wise, I&#8217;m ready to knock it out! I&#8217;ve been getting complements on my arms but I guess I don&#8217;t see a ton of change since when I started, so I really want to get to work! I&#8217;ve been to the gym a few times now and think this weekend I&#8217;ll sit down and write up a more formal program for when I go to lift. I think that&#8217;ll really help me focus and monitor progress (i.e. look at the weight I did last time, etc etc)  
The one thing I&#8217;m NOT doing well at is weight gain. I&#8217;m still around 111/112, which is close to where I was when I started, and 6lbs lighter than November. I feel like I&#8217;m eating a lot, but apparently not enough! At the same time, I want to balance my intake with muscle development and not just put on weight for weight&#8217;s sake. Funny.. I managed to eat an entire MealPack bar while writing this last paragraph &#8211; two servings to a bar, so that&#8217;ll be a nice 400 calorie snack 🙂 

#### Food

  * 7:30 Protein pancakes:equal parts cottage cheese, oatmeal, egg whites. I also added vanilla, wheat germ, flax seed, chia seeds, cinnamon and dried cranberries. Sweet enough they didn&#8217;t even need butter or syrup.
  * 9:30 orange, peanuts
  * 11:00 greek yogurt with strawberries and hemp seed
  * noon: delicious wrap: whole wheat tortilla, brown rice, black beans, avocado, tomato, bean sprouts, rainbow chard. also whole wheat pita chips. My coworkers stood there and kept commenting on how good it looked (I offered some up to them!)
  * 1:30 Fruitein shake
  * 2:00 orange
  * 3:00 [Sesame Lemon MealPack](http://www.mealpack.com/products/sesame_lemon.html) (the whole bar &#8211; 2 servings!
  * 4:00 orange
  * 7:00 [Amy&#8217;s Organic Thai coconut soup](http://www.amys.com/products/product-detail/soups/000513) (I like her black bean vegetable soup, this was not good), [3 seed flatbread](http://www.drkracker.com/ourkrackers/flavors/klassic3seed.php), sugar snap peas
  * 11:00 dates and almonds

#### Exercise

Dammit&#8230; This morning I wrote that I needed to step it up, and the curse struck. Tonights workout was pretty feeble. So, I may count this as a rest day as it wasn&#8217;t as intense as I&#8217;d like. Though it&#8217;s worth mention that I feel my abs &#8220;popped&#8221; today! Hurray!

  * Pullups &#8211; (10 3 3) wow, why bother trying to do reps??
  * Pushups on upside down bosu (2&#215;20)
  * 1000 crunches
  * Diamond pushups (2&#215;20)
  * Potty Squats (2&#215;2 min)
  * 25 bootstrappers
  * Pushups on upside down bosu (2&#215;20)
  * Plank on upside down bosu (2&#215;1 min)