---
id: 2550
title: 'Day 8 &#8211; TBT'
date: 2011-10-08T21:33:39-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2550
permalink: /2011/10/day-8-tbt/
categories:
  - tbt
---
Food  
&#8211; steel cut oats with almond butter and cinnamon  
&#8211; emergen-c  
&#8211; green machine juice  
-quorn chikn nuggets  
-sugar snap peas  
&#8211; G2 Gatorade  
&#8211; banana  
&#8211; Nf chai  
&#8211; a few clif bar and lara bar samples  
&#8211; banana, hemp seed, peanut butter in a whole wheat tortilla  
&#8211; cheat dinner: sprite, spinach, tomato, basil white pizza on whole wheat crust (yes, with cheese) 

I went out to carb-load with Loren and KJ, and decided to go with tradition instead of eating clean. I don&#8217;t know when I started getting a sprite the night before a race, but I have. I never drink them any other time, it&#8217;s almost to the point where I think it&#8217;s really just mental. I also debated being really good and ordering just whole wheat pasta, olive oil, spinach and tomato, but what&#8217;s the point of eating out?? So, I had some cheese on my pizza (and mostly left the crust). I have noticed that my body doesn&#8217;t always seem to like tomato-based sauces before runs, so I steered clear of that. I actually love that I&#8217;m really into race prep for tomorrow, despite the fact it IS a shorter distance than many I&#8217;ve run before 🙂 I mean really, I ran the Boulder half what, 6 weeks ago? And didn&#8217;t really do anything to &#8220;get in the zone&#8221;. 

I will admit I&#8217;m a bit deflated already though&#8230; it was COLD here today, and it actually rained for most of the day. I&#8217;d planned to wear shorts and a tank and arm-sleeves, and I don&#8217;t think it&#8217;s gonna cut it for tomorrow. There is a freeze warning in effect until 9am! (by which time I&#8217;ll be done). The forecast at 8 is for a high of 40, with showers. Yuck.. so now I&#8217;m making some last minute decisions to change my attire. But.. in an effort to see the positive: I&#8217;ll now wear compression tights, which will help my performance. And the pink tshirt from when my Mom and I did CIM. This is actually significant as if I qualify for New York tomorrow, Mom will be running her second marathon there with me! (she will go through an Int&#8217;l tour operator). If I need a little extra boost, I&#8217;ll have that reminder right there with me. 

Exercise  
I didn&#8217;t want to work my legs today in preparation for tomorrow, but didn&#8217;t want to do nothing.  
So&#8230; I have another fitness goal in mind. Every year in March there is a huge sports expo, the Arnold Classic, in Columbus. I&#8217;ve attended before, but since I wasn&#8217;t really into lifting then it wasn&#8217;t a huge deal for me. They have one event in particular I&#8217;m eying, the [Pump and Run](http://www.arnoldsportsfestival.com/home/sports-and-events/pump-and-run.html). It&#8217;s a bench press and a 5K: for every rep, you get 30 seconds taken off your run time (max 30 reps). The weight varies on your gender and age; I&#8217;d have to bench 70% of my weight (which is about 81 lbs). Registration for the event opens Nov 1, and it generally fills up that day. So, if I get in, I&#8217;ll be working on my bench press over the next few months (as well as my running speed). 

-lateral raise, bring weights to side while raised, back and down  
-side raise, hold weights extended for 10sec  
&#8211; Tricep kickbacks  
&#8211; Smith row press. weight+15lb bar: 40lbs-10, 50lbs-5, 60lbs-1, 55lbs-5, 50lbs-4, 40lbs-7  
&#8211; smith machine bent over row: 40lbs 3&#215;10  
&#8211; Back extensions w 25lb weight  
&#8211; Arm hang 3&#215;30 sec. This is a new fun one. Just raise myself to being chin-height with the bar and literally hang out for 30 seconds.  
&#8211; Chest press machine 20lbs  
&#8211; Internal shoulder rotation  
&#8211; Butterfly