---
id: 2350
title: June 23
date: 2011-06-23T21:28:00-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2350
permalink: /2011/06/june-23/
categories:
  - General
---
I&#8217;m not tracking to a certain date, so it doesn&#8217;t make sense to do a countdown. And I&#8217;m not great at coming up with witty titles. 

My arm workout felt great, but as the day wore on I started dreading my run. Speedwork is hard! But I set to it, and it actually went well. I was close to a tenth of a mile for my sprints, so about a 6mm pace. But I know the drill, if I want to do big races, I need to train!

Michael furthered sweetened the deal re: Goofy today. Marshall Ulrich was in Seattle for the marathon, signing and selling his book &#8220;Running on Empty&#8221;. I&#8217;d mentioned it to Michael the other day, and sure enough I just got an mms of an autographed book! How can I not make an effort to go run a race with a great friend like that?? 🙂

#### Food

  * whole foods breakfast burrito
  * tea
  * edamame and orzo salad
  * apple
  * vega sport protein enhancer
  * bob&#8217;s oat peanut butter bar
  * whole foods salad bar, including chili relleno with cheese-and it was delicious! Also plenty of fresh fruit
  * a starburst and a werthers candy. Just bc I can
  * dried plantains
  * decaf cappuccino from a machine
  * rainier cherries

#### Exercise

  * bicep curls &#8211; 20lbs
  * tricep kickbacks &#8211; 17.5lbs
  * concentration curls &#8211; 20lbs
  * tricep rope pulldowns &#8211; 40lbs
  * ezbar tricep extensions &#8211; 50lbs
  * reverse curls &#8211; 15lbs
  * pullups
  * hip adduction/abduction &#8211; 80lbs
  * run-speedwork: 2 min warmup, 8x(30 second sprint, 1:30 recovery)- estimated distance 2.4 miles