---
id: 2231
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 90'
date: 2011-05-22T01:34:13-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2231
permalink: /2011/05/tbt-day-90/
categories:
  - General
  - tbt
---
Day 90! Cheat day! Picture day!

I have completely lost my taste for Starbucks mochas with hazelnut. It actually makes me a bit sad..

#### Food

  * Fresh oj
  * Powerballs
  * Vega sport performance optimizer with bcaas and creatine 
  * Vega sport performance protein with bcaas and creatine
  * Whole foods salad bar (Inc tofu and quinoa)
  * Boulder veggie bowl leftovers
  * Kevita probiotic coconut drink
  * Chocolate chip cookies 
  * green goodness fruit smoothie
  * Peanut butter and jam sandwiches
  * bazi energy shot
  * hummus, pita and veggies
  * banana
  * mini cupcakes
  * beer

#### Exercise

  * Machine incline chest press 50lbs 10-9, 40lbs to exhaustion
  * Seated pec 40lbs
  * Dumbbell flyes on Swiss ball 20lbs
  * Incline reverse flyes 15lbs
  * Back extensions 35lbs
  * Rotary upper back. Handles at 6, weight 50/60
  * Behind the back wide grip lat pulldowns 50lbs
  * Narrow reverse grip lat pulldowns 62.5lbs
  * Assisted dips 44lbs
  * Abs
  * Smith machine bent over row 50lbs + bar
  * roller derby home team bout

Got plenty o complements at the bout, including a guy who runs a crossfit gym and inquired about sponsoring my team. Sweet! Unfortunately it&#8217;s out of town so we&#8217;ll see what comes of it. It&#8217;s weird to think the program is &#8220;done&#8221; because I don&#8217;t really think I&#8217;ll stop. Its just funny because right now when I get complements on my physique, I tell them about the program. I guess I can&#8217;t really do that anymore. My 90 day transformation is as complete as it could be. Now I&#8217;m just someone who eats heathy and lifts 🙂

Oh- measured my weight and body fat when I got to the gym. Weight 117.2 (so, at my stable adult weight), but my body fat read 15.2&#8230; Quite a bit higher than last time! So I did my workout and then measured again: 12.2. Better&#8230; But really makes me realize what a joke those machines are.