---
id: 2559
title: 'Day 10 &#8211; TBT'
date: 2011-10-10T21:08:06-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2559
permalink: /2011/10/day-10-tbt/
categories:
  - tbt
---
Food  
&#8211; Green smoothie: spinach, orange, kiwi, banana, protein powder, hemp oil, chia seed, flax seed, BCAAs, creatine, maca  
&#8211; tea  
&#8211; cashews  
&#8211; whole foods salad bar: quinoa, sauteed veggies, pita chips, guac, mushrooms, tomatoes, peas, strawberries, grapes, raspberries  
&#8211; probar superfood slam  
&#8211; rice and bean chips with sweet potato hummus  
&#8211; toasted black bean patty sandwich on whole wheat with tomatoes, avocado, lettuce, oil and vinegar  
&#8211; EAS protein shake

Exercise:  
I&#8217;m pretty sure that the runner&#8217;s high is basically the body going into &#8220;survival mode&#8221; and turning off pain receptors. That&#8217;s what enables people to keep going.. and for me, the post-race euphoria lasts for a few days! The problem is that I get into trouble, signing up for future races, or continuing to push myself physically. 

Today, I did the Power 30 class at the gym, AND a kettlebell intro class. At the end of the kettlebell class, they had their regular Power Hour class, so I stayed for that, too.

Power 30:  
.3miles on the elliptical  
60 pull-ups (I did 30 chinups before I realized I was working harder than everyone else)  
100 pushups  
200 lunges  
.5mile on the treadmill (which I did at a 6:40 pace)

At the kettlebell intro class, we learned the basics: swings, presses, rows, pullovers. Then in the full class we did a tabata workout of pulls and deadlifts, and then did a circuit of the following:  
10 burpees  
10 heavy swings  
10 pushups  
10 presses &#8211; L  
10 rows &#8211; L  
10 pullovers  
10 swings (normal)  
10 presses &#8211; R  
10 rows &#8211; R  
10 pullovers  
I made it through that 4 or 5 times.  
Yes, so that puts me up at about 150 pushups today. I&#8217;ll admit, 25 were on a raised bench, but the rest were legit. Between that and the pullovers, I honestly doubt my ability to be able to raise my arms tomorrow. 

I weighed myself before the Power 30, I was down to 113. I&#8217;m probably lighter now. Not that I guess that matters anymore? But I just don&#8217;t want not to be able to be muscular b/c I&#8217;m too light. 

The kettlebell instructor said I had runner&#8217;s arms, the long and lean look. I&#8217;ll admit I actually feel a tiny bit insulted: I work my arms more than just pumping them while running! But, he couldn&#8217;t see my shoulders ;^)