---
id: 2084
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 71'
date: 2011-05-02T22:03:51-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2084
permalink: /2011/05/tbt-day-71/
tbtfood1:
  - ""
tbtexercise1:
  - ""
categories:
  - tbt
---
#### Food

  * banana bread muffins with Greek yogurt
  * fresh-squeezed orange juice
  * brown rice, black beans, spinach in an Ezekiel sprouted grain tortilla, sugar snap peas
  * hemp hummus and pita
  * amazing meal with non-fat milk
  * blue corn chips with cottage cheese
  * steamed veggies, tofu, brown rice. My bosses were great at selecting a restaurant to suit my dietary restrictions. They also served orange and watermelon slices for dessert
  * [recovery pudding](http://www.vegacommunity.com/profiles/blogs/in-the-vega-kitchen-recovery) &#8211; I used strawberries instead of blueberries, and didn&#8217;t have rooiboos or carob powder, but it still actually turned out pretty tasty!

#### Exercise

So I determined that I&#8217;m not a big fan of having two upper body and two lower body days per week, I like focusing more on single body parts. I&#8217;m going to go back to that. 

  * Smith machine bent over row 
  * Smith machine bench press 70lbs 2&#215;8, then dropped to 60lbs
  * Back extensions
  * Rotary upper back machine. I really liked this! Handles at 6, weight 50/60
  * Assisted Flexed arm hang to fatigue
  * Independent lat pulldown &#8211; 55lbs
  * Cable rope rear delt row
  * Vertical butterfly 
  * Abs

I had a nice moment at the gym tonight: a girl stopped me in the locker room and complemented me on my legs and asked how I got them so toned. That was the same question I asked Whipity Pow of RMRG back in November 2009, after which I secretly vowed I wanted to become the Whipity of DRD (in terms of legs). Guess I made it! 

My co-worker Mallory decided she was going to do a 30-day TBT during May. Today she did better than I did, rising at 5am to go to the gym! But part way through the day I heard the pop of a can opening and noticed she was having a diet coke. I didn&#8217;t say anything until a while later when we were in a meeting talking about drinks (she also bought chai syrup and I told her with the sugar content, it wasn&#8217;t &#8216;approved&#8217;). Then recollection crossed her face and she looked at her diet coke&#8230; She thinks beverages are going to be the toughest part of the whole thing. Our female boss continues to disapprove, and gave Mallory a pretty hard time at dinner. I think she thinks I&#8217;m a lost cause 🙂 I&#8217;ve told Mallory she has to blog, so hopefully I&#8217;ll be able to link to it soon!