---
id: 2165
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 81'
date: 2011-05-12T23:17:25-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2165
permalink: /2011/05/tbt-day-81/
tbtfood1:
  - ""
tbtexercise1:
  - ""
categories:
  - tbt
---
Despite how much I worked out yesterday, I woke up today feeling great! (The almost 8 hrs of sleep may have helped&#8230;) Though I was definitly hungry for most of the day! Then I wasn&#8217;t smart and didn&#8217;t have dinner ready immediately when I got home 🙁 

#### Food

  * Smoothie: egg whites, kefir, hemp protein powder, wheat germ, flaxseed, hemp seeds, chia seed, strawberries, banana, mango, apple, cocoa nibs, maca
  * apple
  * hard-boiled egg
  * tea
  * pistachios
  * steamed green beans with lemon juice, olive oil and dill, cranberry quinoa salad
  * powerballs
  * veggie burger with guacamole, tomato and lettuce on a whole wheat bun, rice and bean snack chips
  * vega sport performance protein with creatine post-workout
  * apple
  * roasted sweet potatoes &#8211; roasted in toasted sesame oil with garam masala, honey, lemon/lime juice and cayenne pepper. delish!
Tonight I had to do something with all the sweet potatoes I got from Door to Door organics. What does one person do with 8 huge sweet potatoes? Well, I : 

  * Roasted sweet potatoes (mentioned above)
  * prepared [Garlic Oregano Yam Oven Fries](http://www.yamfries.com/recipes/garlic-and-oregano-yam-fries/) (with dill instead of basil!)
  * set aside a cup of sweet potatoes for [pizza crust](http://books.google.com/books?id=DnMGaaGFyNEC&pg=PA238&lpg=PA238&dq=thrive+sweet+potato+sesame+pizza&source=bl&ots=jZPhG6Ifb0&sig=t62c9Hkuh8LzVP6W6oaYogcuDY8&hl=en&ei=pb3MTaKeN4r2swOIofC-Cw&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=8&ved=0CEUQ6AEwBw#v=onepage&q=thrive%20sweet%20potato%20sesame%20pizza&f=false) (note; when I actually make this, it&#8217;ll be really far removed from the actual recipe, since I dont have chickpea flour or sesame seeds&#8230;)

#### Exercise

  * 1hr [Ride and Row class](http://puravidaclub.com/fitness_class_descriptions.html) &#8211; I wasn&#8217;t a huge fan of the rowing, though by the end of it I was getting the hang of it. Just wasn&#8217;t the good strong cardio workout I wanted. Spinning continues to treat me like a contemptuous lover.
  * Bicep curls: started with 20lbs, but my left arm decided to be weak today so I had to drop the weight pretty quickly
  * Ezbar tricep extension 40lbs
  * Concentration curls 20lbs
  * Tricep kickbacks 15lbs 
  * Cable Rope tricep pulldowns 30lbs
  * Wide grip lat pulldowns 40lbs
  * Abs
  * Upright row 22.5lbs

For those who are looking to lose weight, I swear, cardio IS the key. For laughs, I weighed myself before my class (116.2) and immediately after (115.8). Then I weighed myself again after lifting (115.8). A little bit of sweat does a body good!