---
id: 2149
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 80!'
date: 2011-05-11T23:35:57-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2149
permalink: /2011/05/tbt-day-80/
tbtfood1:
  - ""
tbtexercise1:
  - ""
categories:
  - tbt
---
I just realized that May 21st is supposedly the end of the world. That&#8217;s also the end of my TBT. Makes you wonder if all this work was worth it, doesn&#8217;t it? Maybe I should take my pics on the 20th&#8230; 😉

Today was my first day in the new office (next door to the gym). I met my trainer at the gym at 6, showered and walked to whole foods for breakfast, and was in the office nice and early. Then at 5pm I headed back to the gym for a fun 30min abs class before grabbing dinner and heading to practice. I took a bazi shot and got myself really mentally excited for scrimmage, which I don&#8217;t always do. It went great! I felt strong and our team (the Electrocuties) really played well together. We had team practice yesterday and I think we&#8217;re going to get together one more time before our bout on the 21st. We lost our first bout by a wide margin but I know we&#8217;re much more cohesive and strong and I&#8217;m super excited to skate with them! Scrimmage with MHC also went really well, the team is definitely coming together. (I may have had a 25 or 30pt jam- thanks, blockers!!) We chatted a bit about Sundays bout and now are ready to move forward.  
Joy Collision from Charm City came to our scrimmage tonight, It&#8217;s fun to see different skaters and their approach. She said I looked &#8220;tiny and fit&#8221;. I gave her the 30sec TBT elevator pitch 🙂

#### Food

  * smoothie: egg whites, kefir, strawberries, banana, watermelon, cocoa nips, hemp protein powder, wheat germ, chia seeds
  * apple
  * breakfast burrito: eggs, potatoes, vegetarian chili, mango, corn, guacamole, cilantro on a whole wheat tortilla
  * tea
  * homemade trail mix
  * steamed green beans with lemon juice, olive oil and dill, cranberry quinoa salad
  * probar superfood slam
  * banana
  * black bean and corn pupusa, sugar snap peas
  * bazi energy shot
  * [Japanese style healthy snack bar](http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/2011/04/tbt-day-62/)
  * powerballs
  * vega sport performance protein post-workout (with creatine and bcaas)
  * hard-boiled egg

#### Exercise

  * Good workout with Rebeccah this morning, we did a fair amount of stabilization. I did squats with one leg on a slidey thing where I stayed stable on one leg and moved the other, and then later did a plank with my toes on a swiss ball and did alternating toe taps on the ground. Fun times! She also tried to show me how to do a one-armed snatch, and I managed to hit myself with the weight. Ugh&#8230; 
  * 30min &#8220;Mad Abs&#8221; class at the gym &#8211; the instructor said she liked having me there to demonstrate!
  * 3 hrs derby: 2 hr scrimmage, 1 hr MHC practice