---
id: 2636
title: 'Day 18 &#8211; TBT'
date: 2011-10-18T21:11:49-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2636
permalink: /2011/10/day-18-tbt/
categories:
  - tbt
---
Today was my first official workout in my marathon training. It was a doozy, but I pulled it off despite working my legs yesterday. Feeling good!

Exercise:  
&#8211; 1mile warmup, 3x(1mile @ 6:22, .1mile RI), 1mile cooldown. I finished the 5.2 miles in 41:56, and my three miles ended up at 6:17, 6:22, 6:22. I was barely holding on the last mile, but I managed to hit my goal!  
&#8211; abs

The other day at the gym, a trainer came over and advised me to lift before doing cardio. He went into some big explanation about how you&#8217;d be able to hit your stored carbohydrate for lifting (making it take less effort) and then once you went to do the cardio, you&#8217;d be burning more fat. It actually seems to make a lot of sense, especially if you consider something like drop-sets: you do the heavy stuff first and then drop to a &#8220;lesser&#8221; weight but it still is effective as the bigger muscles are fatigued so the little ones get hit. I just feel a bit weird about getting unsolicited advice at the gym. Does this dude even know what my goals are? The best part? During his spiel he actually said &#8220;I&#8217;m not saying you&#8217;re out of shape or anything..&#8221; Uh, yeah. You better not be!

Food:  
&#8211; pb chickpea protein bars  
&#8211; honeymilk post-workout  
&#8211; tea  
&#8211; vega whole food optimizer with skim milk  
&#8211; brown rice with steamed veggies and tofu  
&#8211; apple  
&#8211; Greek yogurt and honey  
&#8211; quorn chikn cutlet and black beans in a 7-grain pita pocket  
&#8211; sweet potato cornbread with earth balance  
&#8211; banana