---
id: 2260
title: post-tbt
date: 2011-05-26T23:44:46-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2260
permalink: /2011/05/post-tbt/
tbtfood1:
  - ""
tbtexercise1:
  - ""
categories:
  - General
  - tbt
---
I no longer really feel &#8220;sick&#8221;, but I&#8217;m still not at 100%. It&#8217;s been super tough to get up in the mornings, and I just didn&#8217;t feel super motivated at practice on Wednesday. 

### Wednesday

#### Food

  * banana
  * apple
  * tea
  * WF breakfast burrito
  * spinach hemp hummus and hemp and lime chips
  * beet borscht
  * hazelnut latte from a machine 🙁 
  * vega whole food optimizer
  * toasted almond butter and banana on whole grain sandwich
  * toasted dulse, tomato, spinach on whole grain sandwich (it was suggested dulse could be used in place of the bacon in a BLT. Not the same)

#### Exercise

  * 1 hr session with my trainer
  * derby practice: 2 hr shorthanded scrimmage, 1 hr MHC

### Thursday

Not the best food day; I suggested we move our work meeting to Panera, so I had coffee and a bagel with cream cheese. I definitely got a buzz off the coffee! The bagel and CC was pretty bland, not even an enjoyable &#8216;treat&#8217;. I haven&#8217;t done a good trip to the grocery store for awhile so I&#8217;ve been struggling with cooking, I finally made it out after work so I can have some better options. I don&#8217;t really want to be eating sandwiches all the time. While I haven&#8217;t eaten anything super bad, I haven&#8217;t been making the absolute best decisions. Plenty of chips and other salty snacks. I don&#8217;t need that!

#### Food

  * Smoothie
  * whole wheat bagel with reduced fat cream cheese
  * hazelnut coffee with cream
  * chipotle burrito bowl with brown rice, guac, lettuce, salsa
  * larabar
  * pistachios
  * banana
  * apple
  * seasoned soybeans and tomato with beanitos (pinto bean and flax seed chips)
  * mango

#### Exercise

  * Bicep curl 20lbs
  * Tricep kickback 15lbs
  * Front and lateral raises 10lbs
  * Rope tricep pushdowns 30lbs
  * Rotation 20lbs
  * 1.5hr hot yoga