---
id: 2140
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 79'
date: 2011-05-10T23:07:59-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2140
permalink: /2011/05/tbt-day-79/
tbtfood1:
  - ""
tbtexercise1:
  - ""
categories:
  - tbt
---
I woke up today with a splitting headache, so I went back to bed for awhile and missed my planned morning run. However, I made it out for a quick run in the afternoon. After work I had a great trigger point/deep tissue massage that left me deliciously relaxed.. not really the best thing before practice!

#### Food

  * smoothie: egg whites, kefir, strawberries, banana, watermelon, cocoa nips, hemp protein powder, wheat germ, chia seeds, a tiny bit of spinach
  * tea
  * pistachios
  * pita chips with homemade salsa
  * salmon, avocado sushi with brown rice
  * watermelon
  * breakfast for dinner! pumpkin flax plus cereal with kefir, strawberries, chia seed, hemp seed.
  * vega sport performance optimizer with creatine and bcaas before practice
  * vega sport performance protein with creatine after practice

#### Exercise

  * 2.26mi run &#8211; I was watching for it to change to 2.25 to stop, and it skipped from 2.24 to 2.26 
  * 2hr roller derby team practice

Today I received my order of BCAAs in the mail. I want to be sure I&#8217;m really getting the most from these supplements, so I did a little research on [supplement timing](http://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/lebrun19.htm). As it turns out, the article I found doesn&#8217;t even mention BCAAs, but it does mention timing for Creatine, Glutamine and Protein. I want to try to figure out how I can maximize my workouts and recovery.. while I&#8217;m using vega now, I want to think a bit about if I really need it before every workout or if it&#8217;d be better to pick and choose (i.e is the sports performance optimizer better before endurance workouts, etc).