---
id: 1867
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 45'
date: 2011-04-06T22:44:55-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/2011/04/tbt-day-45/
permalink: /2011/04/tbt-day-45/
categories:
  - tbt
---
I struggled to figure out what to do at the gym today: I&#8217;ve been doing biceps and triceps together, but may split it up as per the suggestions in this post: <http://forum.bodybuilding.com/showthread.php?t=106598951>. So, I used it as a random isolation/power day. I want to be sure I&#8217;m not just adding mass but able to use it to be more powerful. I miss the explosiveness of Bootcamp!

#### Exercise

  * weighted lunges/step ups
  * Pushups, feet on bench
  * Romanian one leg deadlifts
  * Grapevines- with and without weights. Adding weights really changed my trunk rotation
  * Lateral jumps w weights
  * glutes
  * Standing calf raises. Since I generally do 135lbs with the donkey raise, I started around there, but steadily increased the weight bc it was manageable! (150-15)(180-15)(210-15)(240-15)(300-15,15,13)(240-15)
  * Abs</ul> 

#### Food

  * smoothie: egg whites, kefir, spinach, carrots, banana, Wheat germ, hemp protein powder, chia seed, glutamine, frozen mixed berries
  * probar superfood slam
  * quinoa, low-fat milk, cinnamon, strawberries. Soooo good! This may be my new breakfast for awhile. I decided to go for low-fat instead of non-fat milk thinking that non-fat likely had more added sugar or something, but I can&#8217;t find any evidence of such. :-/ 
  * pb, banana, hemp seed, cinnamon on a whole wheat tortilla
  * hummus, falafel, whole wheat pita, hard-boiled egg, baba ganoush, vegetable salad. No rice bc I wasn&#8217;t sure of it&#8217;s cleanliness 🙂 
  * apple
  * fruitsource bar
  * orange
  * trail mix

Wow, day 45! Crazy I&#8217;m halfway done. Though given the fact both Frida and Queen are back on a modified TBT, I&#8217;m thinking once these principles are engrained, you may never be &#8220;done&#8221;.