---
id: 1573
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 2'
date: 2011-02-22T21:05:23-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=1573
permalink: /2011/02/tbt-day-2/
categories:
  - General
  - tbt
---
Exercise:  
I decided to make up my own quick program based off stuff we did at bootcamp:  
3x(1 min each of  
jumping jacks  
burpees  
bootstrappers  
snowboarder sprawl with pushup (basically a burpee where the jump is a half-turn)  
jump lunges  
pushups  
hold a squat)  
with a minute rest.  
Then in the evening I did my PT exercises (focusing on hip adductors and abductors and glutes) and 1000 crunches. 

Food:  
Vega Shake n Go Smoothie  
Oatmeal with cranberries and raisins  
cottage cheese  
some gross cold scrambled eggs  
one bite of baked beans before I realized it how brown sugary it would be  
fresh fruit  
grilled Mediterranean salmon  
orzo  
hummus and pita  
tzatziki sauce  
dried apricots  
almonds  
2 cups of green tea  
cashews  
Tofu Rendang with brown rice (Traditional Indonesian dish with lemon grass, shallots, turmeric and ginger, sautéed in a spicy coconut sauce with potatoes, carrots and snow peas)

I met my bosses for lunch today and one of them was really kind to ask if with &#8216;my new healthy eating&#8217; I could eat seafood. I actually found my meals were reasonably easy to round up. We were in meetings from 12-5, and I was glad I had stashed dried fruit and nuts for a snack &#8211; others ended up at a vending machine. I also referred to myself as &#8216;vegetarian&#8217; when looking for a restaurant recommendation as dinner. It felt a little weird coming out of my mouth, but I&#8217;m sure I&#8217;ll get used to it.

After yesterday, I&#8217;ll admit my legs were a bit sore when I was working out today (and even walking up stairs!). Hurray &#8211; the sign of a good workout!

Anyone who knows me, knows that I do everything 110%. So tonight I ended up in the library (I know, I get out of control when I travel) reading &#8220;[The China Study](http://www.thechinastudy.com/)&#8220;. I&#8217;ve seen it referenced a few times over the past few weeks so I decided to look into it. Unfortunately, I only had about 45min before the library closed, so I didn&#8217;t get too far into it. It&#8217;s also DEEP science and research,(it&#8217;s been called &#8216;the most comprehensive study of nutrition ever conducted) but the premise seems interesting: 

> &#8220;The findings? &#8220;People who ate the most animal-based foods got the most chronic disease &#8230; People who ate the most plant-based foods were the healthiest and tended to avoid chronic disease. These results could not be ignored,&#8221; said Dr. Campbell.&#8221;

I definitely wouldn&#8217;t buy the book, but I may try to find some time to read some more of it at some point. 

Day 2: so far, so good!