---
id: 2203
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 87'
date: 2011-05-18T22:44:27-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2203
permalink: /2011/05/tbt-day-87/
tbtfood1:
  - ""
tbtexercise1:
  - ""
categories:
  - tbt
---
Last night I started sneezing and getting a bit sniffly and warm, but didn&#8217;t think too much of it. This morning I had quite a stop at the grocery store: oranges, ginger ale, emergen-c, and airborne. Yuck! Thankfully though with our new workspace flexibility after my workout with my trainer I could come home, get into comfy clothes and work from here. Instead of a lunch break I took a power nap &#8211; one of those where you wake up after 10 minutes and have no idea what time or day it is. 

Tonight we were set to scrimmage RMRG&#8217;s Fight Club for 40 minutes. I was apprehensive since I wasn&#8217;t feeling 100%, but went ahead and did my best. It actually felt ok, though part way through the second half I crashed. I really need to figure out my electrolyte replacement, because straight water wasn&#8217;t cutting it. In our regular league scrimmage afterwards, I used some dehydrated coconut powder which may or may not have helped.

#### Exercise

  * 1hr with my trainer. We did some great lat work today, and more stability. 
  * 40 min scrimmage against RMRG Fight Club
  * regular league scrimmage (~1.5hrs with plenty of breaks. But I only jammed)

#### Food

  * apple
  * hot acai emergen-c
  * fresh-squeezed orange juice
  * flax seed plus cereal with non-fat milk, hemp seed and chia seed
  * Canada Dry ginger ale. Canadian secret: there is real ginger in here, that helps with sore throats! It&#8217;s best flat and at room temperature
  * cottage cheese and dried apricots
  * 2 peanut butter and honey sandwiches on whole wheat
  * bazi energy shot
  * water with dehydrated coconut powder
  * homemade [tabbouleh](http://allrecipes.com/Recipe/tabbouleh-i/Detail.aspx) &#8211; added dulse, didn&#8217;t use green onion