---
id: 2250
title: 'Post TBT &#8211; 1'
date: 2011-05-22T22:55:41-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2250
permalink: /2011/05/post-tbt-1/
tbtfood1:
  - ""
tbtexercise1:
  - ""
categories:
  - General
  - tbt
---
So despite the fact my TBT is officially over, I still plan to track and stay accountable.. I&#8217;m just not sure I&#8217;ll publish a post every day-

### Sunday

#### Food

  * Ezekiel cereal with kefir, blueberries, hemp seed, chia seed
  * Smoothie: kale, egg whites, kefir, hemp protein powder, hemp seed, flax seed, chia seed, bcaas, glutamine, banana, apple, peach, cocoa nibs
  * Hemp spinach hummus (also with lime instead of lemon) with almond thins
  * Powerballs
  * Vitamin water
  * dried apricots
  * green goodness smoothie
  * Amy&#8217;s [roasted vegetable no cheese pizza](http://www.amys.com/products/product-detail/pizzas/000103). It&#8217;s been a long time since I had pizza (other than the fresh stuff from Basic Kneads) and I found it incredibly thirst-inducing and possibly belly-upsetting. Interesting..

#### Exercise

  * theoretically none. But I did track set-up and a no-minors beta test travel team scrimmage

### Monday

#### Food

  * Smoothie. not going to write it all out, basically the same stuff I always use
  * larabar
  * apple
  * beet borscht with greek yogurt
  * trail mix
  * spinach hemp hummus with hemp chips
  * banana
  * light tuna with avocado on a whole wheat tortilla
  * sunrype fruit strip
  * pineapple

I will admit I eyed the chocolate in the fridge and considered having some, but resisted. Just because I can, doesn&#8217;t mean I should&#8230; 

#### Exercise

  * Mad abs class
  * rear delts
  * pull-ups
  * eccentric pull-ups
  * hip abduction
  * hip adduction
  * leg press
  * Strong body class

The 5pm Mad abs class and the 5:30 spinning class were both full, so i went for the strong body class after doing some random exercises. The class kicked my butt!! Never again will I work my arms to exhaustion before one of these! I couldn&#8217;t complete all the exercises.. for arms OR legs. In short, it was awesome 🙂 

I&#8217;m feeling overall pretty tight, and it was really difficult to wake up this morning, even after close to 8 hrs of sleep. I&#8217;m having trouble believing Saturday&#8217;s bout beat me up so much, but maybe it did, in combination with not feeling great at the end of the week. I need to look after myself!