---
id: 1819
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 38'
date: 2011-03-30T23:13:29-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/2011/03/tbt-day-38/
permalink: /2011/03/tbt-day-38/
categories:
  - tbt
---
#### Food

  * shake n go smoothie
  * trail mix (peanuts, almonds, raisins, goji berries, pumpkin seeds)
  * yogurt, fruit, granola
  * Starbucks dirty chai (at first they made it with a mocha shot, weird!)
  * Fresh squeezed orange juice, veggie scramble-egg whites, avocado, peppers, tomato. Dry rye toast, fruit cup
  * almonds
  * olives, crackers, hummus, bruschetta
  * pb chickpea bar
  * black bean and tofu soft tacos (with tomato and avocado in a whole wheat tortilla)-not bad!

#### Exercise

  * 45min spinning class. I have a love-hate relationship with spinning. I&#8217;m more about power than speed, so spinning is a great way to push out of my comfort zone. I felt ill during the workout (anaerobic cramp?) but kept going. Later in the day i felt the effects of thr different workout in my legs 🙂 My heart rate hit 174.

On my United flight today, I was offered lunch. Chicken salad, chicken tortilla soup, or a turkey sandwich. I asked if there were vegetarian options; there weren&#8217;t. So I asked if I could buy a tapas box. The stewardess faltered and said they weren&#8217;t supposed to do substitutions. I offered to pay. She gave me some long story about how they weren&#8217;t supposed to.  
She did give me a box, and when I offered to pay she again said they weren&#8217;t supposed to do it. How ridiculous?! Why would it matter if someone in first class vs economy bought a snack box?  
It&#8217;s interesting though: it seems to me at one time there was always a vegetarian option, because assumedly meat was more expensive. I don&#8217;t know if that&#8217;s no longer the case, or if the meat entree is supposed to seem more opulent?  
So, I got to enjoy my fancy snack box, again doubting the nutritional value of my olive oil and sea salt crackers. Whoops..