---
id: 1657
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 12'
date: 2011-03-05T00:35:30-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/2011/03/tbt-day-12/
permalink: /2011/03/tbt-day-12/
categories:
  - General
---
Food:  
Oatmeal, almond butter, chia seeds, hemp seeds  
Decaf tea  
Orange  
Almonds  
Herb omelet  
Grapes, pineapple, melon  
A couple bites of potato  
Apple  
[Jerk tofu burger with sweet onions, plantain and tomato. (no bun)](http://hillsidequickie.com/sagemenu/burgers/) Yum!!  
2 Pb chickpea bars  
Salad, 1/2 veggie burger, cottage cheese  
Bazi energy drink  
Banana

Exercise:  
Elliptical &#8211; 5min  
Tricep on wall &#8211; 1min  
Snowboarder sprawl &#8211; 1min  
Bootstrappers &#8211; 1min  
Tricep extension w band &#8211; 1min  
Bicep with band &#8211; 1min  
Row w band &#8211; 1min  
1000 crunches  
15 side planks  
1:30 squat  
Roller derby bout

This morning I had to get up at 4:30 to fly to Seattle, so there was no workout in the morning. I got upgraded to first class, so got breakfast on the plane. I ordered the omelet, and it came with sausage, potatoes, a croissant, cookies and fruit. Dang! I obviously left most of it. Once we got to Seattle, (well, Tacoma), we went to this really cool little vegan restaurant. It was tiny and the walls were plastered with Bob Marley posters. I had a delicious jerk tofu burger with plantain. I was careful to keep myself well fueled and hydrated. At the hotel, EZ and I went to the store for &#8220;clean eating&#8221; snacks (fruit, yogurt, cottage cheese) and then did a little workout at the hotel. The &#8220;fitness center&#8221; only had an elliptical, bike and treadmill so we improvised. I&#8217;d brought two bands so we used those. I was really disappointed bc I saved my biceps/triceps for this weekend, expecting there would be free weights. I wanted to do a bit of legs to get them warm, but not too much.  
Then of course tonight was the Rose City bout. Rose came out if Western Regionals ranked #4, we were #6. The game was super close and physical,there were a ton of lead changes. I jammed a decent amount, and had a blast! Good workout, though we had enough jammers on the bench I got some good recovery between jams.  
After the bout I was careful to eat one of my protein bars right away to be ready for tomorrow! We play Rat (who beat us at Western Regionals) at noon.