---
id: 2091
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 77'
date: 2011-05-08T22:24:40-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2091
permalink: /2011/05/tbt-day-77/
tbtfood1:
  - ""
tbtexercise1:
  - ""
categories:
  - tbt
---
Bout day! The Bruisers were playing at 11 and our game was at 1, so I wanted to be sure I was well-hydrated and fueled. I also do think that caffeine helps me get into the zone, so I made sure to include that in my pre-bout routine.

We had a great brunch spread at the glitterdome, including Easy&#8217;s delicious veggie spring rolls! (I actually wasn&#8217;t hungry enough to eat anything else). I brought enough powerballs for all the skaters, and was happy to offer up something vegan and gluten-free to accommodate the various diets. 

#### Food

  * scrambled eggs (not egg whites), tomato, spinach in a whole wheat tortilla
  * naked green machine drink
  * smoothie: egg whites, yogurt, banana, apple, kiwi, spinach, wheat germ, chia seeds, hemp protein powder.
  * starbucks dirty chai. I&#8217;d decided I wanted to go to starbucks, but after I ordered this I realized it was a &#8216;cheat&#8217; because of the sugar. D&#8217;oh! 🙁
  * vega sport performance optimizer pre-bout
  * veggie spring rolls
  * powerballs
  * bazi energy shot
  * vega sport performance protein post-bout
  * lunabar
  * hot hawaiian pizza with no cheese. I thought I was being so good ordering no cheese, and the second it was ready I realized the flour was probably a cheat. Darnit!! 

We played the bout in the warehouse and it was hot and sticky. After our warmup (where I felt really good and strong), I started hacking and hacking. The dust was really bothering me. Part way through the second half I asked for a sip of gatorade from a teammate because just water wasn&#8217;t cutting it. 

The bout itself was good.. the first half was amazing, we came out strong and played hard. We almost lost it in the second half, but it was a good thrilling game and at least we took home the W in the end. Personally, I felt sooo much better than even against Seattle a few weeks back. I absolutely played my heart out, didn&#8217;t hesitate re: my injury and never had any problems with it. I have a few things I need to process in my head about the game (when we were down 4-2 in the pack I fought my heart out and did really well, but wasn&#8217;t as aggressive (and therefore not as successful) when we weren&#8217;t as short-handed. I need to remedy that 🙂 

From a nutrition standpoint, something was off. My stomach was giving me problems and I actually vomited in my mouth during the first half, and wasn&#8217;t sure it wasn&#8217;t going to happen again in the second half. It could have been the combination of a few different things, but I want to be aware of the circumstances in case it should happen again. 

After the bout, it was gorgeous out, we&#8217;d worked hard and were spent! All I wanted was a beer. But I resisted. There were plenty of snacks left over, and I grabbed some white chocolate macadamia nut cookies for my next cheat day 🙂 Even if I had a few mistakes today, I didn&#8217;t need to make more! 

After our bout, I went to the RMRG warehouse to watch the Rose City B-Team play the RMRG B-team. That&#8217;s where I had the not-as-TBT-friendly-as-I-hoped pizza, and after that I decided to hit up the gym to work on my shoulders. Gym #2 (PVC) is open til 8 on Sundays, hurray! I don&#8217;t know if it&#8217;s all Sundays or just b/c today was Mothers&#8217; day and gorgeous, but there was literally at most one other person in the gym the whole time I was there. I have two different approaches when I&#8217;m at the gym. Sometimes I&#8217;m uber-vigilant in recording exercises, weights and reps and other times I give myself more leeway to just do whatever. Today was a whatever day. All shoulders/back, but I didn&#8217;t stress too much about what all I was doing. 

Oh! So after Frida&#8217;s big week of trying to gain weight to get to 130 to bout, I had to weigh myself at the gym. I&#8217;m a big hulking 116.. though, I know I absorbed some pretty good hits today! 

#### Exercise

  * Jamming for MHC
  * Shoulders