---
id: 2847
title: 'Day 40 &#8211; TBT'
date: 2011-11-09T22:27:59-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2847
permalink: /2011/11/day-40/
categories:
  - tbt
---
Today was a no-good, very-bad day. Which is weird because I thought starting a day with a great run was supposed to make it better. I&#8217;d like to believe it couldn&#8217;t have been worse! Luckily, my mood lightened after my second run..

Food  
&#8211; Vega sports performance optimizer with creatine, BCAAs  
&#8211; clif bar  
&#8211; muesli  
&#8211; tabbouleh  
&#8211; avocado  
&#8211; apple  
&#8211; veggie corn dog  
&#8211; multi-grain chips and hummus.  
&#8211; skinny peppermint mocha. Yes, today was one of THOSE days. Caffeine was probably exactly the wrong choice, but I thought I&#8217;d try to treat myself to feel better. Ya know what? It totally didn&#8217;t work. Except that it&#8217;s 12:20am and I&#8217;m still up  
&#8211; fancy-schmancy pumpkin muffins &#8211; almond/coconut flour, pumpkin seeds, roasted pumpkin puree, chia seeds, hemp seeds and flax seed meal, honey and black strap molasses, coconut butter mixed with the pumpkin puree and a sprinkle of pumpkin pie spice on top. Not my creation 🙂 Thanks [Vern](http://hatethat.blogspot.com/)!  
&#8211; honeymilk  
&#8211; apple with peanut butter

Exercise  
&#8211; 7.2 mile recovery run in the AM  
&#8211; 4.6 mile in the PM. Met the Highland Tap and Burger Run Club, tried to keep up with the leaders. But they did a 4 mile route, not the 3 I&#8217;d planned. Got my heart rate up the highest I&#8217;ve seen it in awhile! For awhile three of us were running together and I learned they were both signed up for the Leadville marathon as well!