---
id: 2388
title: 7/13
date: 2011-07-13T22:51:56-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/2011/07/714/
permalink: /2011/07/714/
categories:
  - General
---
While I&#8217;m not officially on the TBT, plenty of running programs encourage you to keep a log so you can see what works and what doesn&#8217;t. 

I got up this morning and headed to the gym. As I do more running I&#8217;m not lifting as many days per week, so my workouts aren&#8217;t as muscle-group specific as they used to be. Today was generally &#8220;upper body&#8221;. 

For my warmup I was on the elliptical and mixed it up by doing shoulder presses with light weights (8lbs) as I went. It actually helped me not be bored. I only did it for a few moments but garnered comments from a few other ladies. It actually wasn&#8217;t too challenging; starting was the only complicated bit. At the gym I did a chest press, flyes, wide grip pulldowns, and plenty of tricep work. I find it&#8217;s the beginning of a rep that I show the most weakness, so for the chest press and flye I concentrated on small pulses right at the beginning of the exercise. I ended with some concentric bicep work&#8230; Is that the word? Starting with the weight at the top and lowering it s-l-o-o-w-l-y instead of lifting. Only a few of those, and my arms were burning on the way home.  
Then tonight was scrimmage: a half hour against Bruising and an hour against MHC. Since I&#8217;m not rostered this weekend, I played against MHC. I fought hard and felt good about it at the end.  
Part way through, Lance challenged me to a friendly push-up contest. I told him I didn&#8217;t think I could to too many. He asked if I could do 25, so I put my feet (in skates) up on the bench and did some at a decline. Over on the other bench, Scott saw me and started matching me- except instead of a decline, someone sat on his back for resistance. Party tricks! It did make me wonder how many pushups I could do in a row, however. 

#### Food

  * probar
  * 2x vega sport performance optimizer
  * 2x vega sport protein
  * almond butter, banana, hemp seed on a whole wheat tortilla
  * veggie sushi
  * small piece of chocolate..
  * tea
  * sugar-free, fat-free hazelnut frappuccino. I had a craving for a Tim Horton&#8217;s iced cappuccino.. This didn&#8217;t quite live up to my expectation :-/
  * swig of bazi
  * cherries
  * spicy edamame

I also made sure to have my various supplements and vitamins, pre- and post- sports beverages. It&#8217;s super hot and humid and I&#8217;m working hard and need to be sure I&#8217;m doing what I can to help with recovery. Speaking of which, off to use the foam roller!