---
id: 2714
title: 'Day 27 &#8211; TBT'
date: 2011-10-27T22:30:23-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2714
permalink: /2011/10/day-27-tbt/
categories:
  - tbt
---
I went to bed early last night, but still woke up feeling dopey and out of sorts. Tired in that &#8220;not sleepy&#8221; sense, just slow and sluggish, and congested. As the day went on, though, I started feeling better and decided to try to get my workouts in. I didn&#8217;t make it through my entire run workout, but I was glad I gave it a try. I coughed a bit afterwards, which was unusual as I hadn&#8217;t been coughing before. As the night went on, though, I kept feeling better so hopefully I got the crap out of my system before it really took hold. 

Exercise:  
&#8211; bench press. I watched a bunch of silly youtube videos on bench pressing yesterday. I picked up a few pointers (to have the bar closer to your abs than your neck so it&#8217;s more chest than shoulders, and do to more reps with less weight to build up muscle endurance) and today at the gym I got up to 50lbs+bar for a few reps. Then I dropped all the weight and just did 30 reps of the bar, to get used to the motion.  
&#8211; abs  
&#8211; 5 miles in 40:53. The goal was 10min warmup, 2x(1200m @ 4:40, 2min RI), 4x(800m @ 3:03, 2min RI) 10 min cooldown. I shortened it to 2 and 2 (cutting out 2 of the 800m repeats. My times: 4:34, 4:36, 3:00, 3:01. Ok geez, looking at that now I realize I should have kept pushing. It felt tough because I was rocking it!  
&#8211; kettlebell class. Today we did partner work (you rested while your partner worked) and we were encouraged to go heavy. I felt good, but managed to tweak the left side of my back a little during a squat. Yuck. 

Food  
&#8211; tofu scramble  
&#8211; tea  
&#8211; apple  
&#8211; whole grain chips  
&#8211; cottage cheese and pineapple  
&#8211; pb chickpea bar  
&#8211; vega sport performance optimizer pre-run  
&#8211; vega sport performance protein post-run  
&#8211; whole foods salad bar: tofu, quinoa, beans, salad. yum!  
&#8211; emergen-c  
&#8211; 3 [whole wheat ginger snap cookies](http://operagirlcooks.com/2010/12/08/soft-whole-wheat-ginger-snap-recipe/). I know the Frida Beater version of clean eating wouldn&#8217;t allow for anything with cane sugar, but I&#8217;m going to go with the Tosca Reno version that just doesn&#8217;t allow for white sugar. 🙂 I didnt have ground ginger so I just used fresh, and I used earth balance instead of butter. They turned out pretty well!