---
id: 1667
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 15'
date: 2011-03-07T21:31:05-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/2011/03/tbt-day-15/
permalink: /2011/03/tbt-day-15/
categories:
  - tbt
---
Food:  
Eggs, dry wheat toast  
Skim milk  
Green tea  
Coffee with skim  
Dirty nonfat chai  
Bubble tea- strawberry, egg, Ginger, garlic, apple, tapioca  
Pb chickpea bar  
Wheat crackers, bruschetta, hummus, olives (bad)  
Dried apricots

Exercise:  
Rest day!

Today was a tough travel day, food-wise. We went to the Pike Place market, where we admired the variety of cheeses and homemade spreads. Delicious sugar and fat! My weakness, mini-donuts, beckoned. I tried to be good and stopped at a juice place, then at the last moment ordered a Boba tea, which I suspect is a cheat. On the flight home I was upgraded again, and my meal options were a cheese sandwich or chili and chicken tortellini. And of course, complementary red wine. Sigh. After I said no to the lunch options, the stewardess brought me the tapas box anyway, so I tried to assess the healthiness of the &#8220;sea salt and rosemary wheat crackers&#8221;. Probably not good. I wished my rye crispbread weren&#8217;t packed in my checked luggage. While I was glad to have had last night to drink, I really felt like my cheat was wasted and I wished I could have been a bit more flexible with my food today. Or perhaps more accurately, eaten more or less what I did without feeling like it was bad. 

Also, I had coffee and chai today, want to be sure I don&#8217;t fall into that habit. I wasn&#8217;t actually overly tired despite only getting 3.5 hrs of sleep, and don&#8217;t want to use stimulants to prop myself up.

I gave myself today as an exercise rest day out of lack of time rather than any real desire. On the contrary, I really want to hit the gym! I was really disappointed there were no weights available this weekend and want to hit it hard! I think I&#8217;ll do legs tomorrow, and hopefully recover in enough time for derby Wednesday night.