---
id: 1889
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 50'
date: 2011-04-11T17:25:53-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=1889
permalink: /2011/04/tbt-day-50/
tbtfood1:
  - ""
tbtexercise1:
  - ""
categories:
  - tbt
---
#### Food

  * zucchini-carrot muffins
  * banana
  * probar superfood slam
  * smoothie: egg whites, kefir, oatmeal, spinach, cantaloupe, banana, orange, frozen berries, chia seed, flaxseed, wheat germ, hemp protein powder, glutamine
  * tea
  * quinoa, low-fat milk, mango,cinnamon
  * almonds
  * salmon, spring mix, cucumber, tomato on toasted rye. Sugar snap peas
  * hummus and almond nut-thins
  * butternut squash empanadas, wilted spinach with orange
  * apple

I decided to try to mix things up for a bit at the gym: when I met with Rebeccah (my personal trainer. Ha, that&#8217;s funny to type) she suggested doing complete &#8220;upper body&#8221; and &#8220;lower body&#8221; workouts instead of so many isolation days, because the metabolic something-something of working just triceps and biceps is something-something. Basically, I gleaned that those are such small muscles, they don&#8217;t need a full day, and/or the overall health and strength benefit of a full day dedicated to them aren&#8217;t worth it. Since I&#8217;m now going to be ramping up my running again and seeing Rebeccah, I figured it was good time to mix things up. So I found this program: [Create a New Four-Day Split Program For Success](http://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/four_day_training_split.htm). It just happened to work out that I decided I want to do Upper Body on Mondays. I followed the program pretty closely, just trying to figure out my base weights, but did add a couple extra exercises. 

#### Exercise

  * Bench Press: 4 sets of 6-8 repetitions (40lbs+15lb bar)
  * Bent Over Row: 4 sets of 6-8 repetitions (30lbs+15lb bar)
  * Dumbbell Shoulder Press: 3 sets of 10-12 repetitions (20lbs)- only got to 8 on the last set
  * Bicep Curl: 3 sets of 10-12 repetitions (15lbs) &#8211; Secret: I hate bicep curls. So it was good it was written into the program
  * (my addition) External Rotation 4 sets of 5 repetitions (20lbs)
  * Rope Tricep Pull-downs: 3 sets of 10-12 repetitions (30lbs-could only do 8, dropped to 20)
  * (my addition) Assisted Pullups 3 sets of 6-8. No idea how much weight; second below the big plate
  * (my addition) Diamond Incline pushups between some sets

By the end of it, my arms were shaking, which I haven&#8217;t had with my recent workouts. So, I was glad to switch it up! Tomorrow I&#8217;m running and I also have lower body on the schedule, AND derby.. I&#8217;m not exactly sure when it&#8217;s all going to happen, but I can hope!

**EDIT: oh wait, apparently I had \*only\* planned for running and derby tomorrow.. though I&#8217;d just figured out how to try to fit it all in. So the question now is, do I try to get it all in? I \*know\* I won&#8217;t be doing lifting this weekend (or running) b/c I&#8217;ll be in Seattle for derby. So do I try to get a lower body workout in early in the week?? Hmmm, you&#8217;ll have to tune in tomorrow to find out what I did!**