---
id: 1600
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 5'
date: 2011-02-25T22:43:00-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=1600
permalink: /2011/02/tbt-day-5/
categories:
  - tbt
---
Food:  
7am: oatmeal with almond butter, hemp seed and strawberries  
9am: decaf chai  
9:45am: grapefruit and cottage cheese  
10:30: apple, pita chips  
12pm: quinoa, light tuna, rainbow chard  
12:30: almonds  
2pm: banana burrito: banana, peanut butter, hemp seed in an Ezekiel wrap  
2:30: dried apricots  
4pm: amazing meal  
4:30: Greek yogurt, hemp seed and strawberries  
8pm: quinoa, black beans, steamed carrots  
10pm: [falafel chips](http://www.falafelchips.com/products.php) with homemade hummus

Exercises:  
1000 crunches  
PT appointment  
Bootcamp

I think I&#8217;m going to stop writing the times when I eat. I actually think about eating a lot more than this, but realize I just ate a half hour before and probably don&#8217;t need to again. I weighed myself this morning, still sitting at 111. I think this weight gain is going to be a lot more challenging than I may have expected!

Today was possibly one of my last PT appointments &#8211; I go back to see Dr. Vidal on Monday morning. My PT had me do some tuck jumps and bounds, and observed that I still bend in with my left leg when I squat. This week I haven&#8217;t been doing as many squats as I had been, apparently I need to get back to that. I know I&#8217;ve made great progress, it&#8217;s just the last little bit that gets so frustrating.

Bootcamp went well &#8211; I realized it&#8217;s likely the last day I&#8217;ll get to go :-/ I had a one-month pass from Groupon, and it expires next week. I&#8217;m busy every night, so I guess that&#8217;s it! I enjoyed it, although I feel like I got a good idea of some things I can do myself now. I also feel like if I want to see real results with the TBT, I need to do some serious weights.  
Today we did a circuit of:  
5 sandbag clean and presses (I did 30lbs &#8211; the next bag was 45 and that was a bit too much)  
10 medicine ball slams  
10 burpees  
20 jumping jacks.  
We were to do each set within two minutes, 10 times. I did just fine, in fact my second set was my slowest and my eighth or ninth was the fastest. I generally finished in about 1:40-1:45 so I had some time to recover.  
Coming home, I was tempted to go to the gym or try to do more, but I stopped myself. I know that I&#8217;m in the motivated stage, but I don&#8217;t need to overdo it. 

Now if you&#8217;ll excuse me, I&#8217;m off to go read &#8220;Muscle and Fitness Hers&#8230; 🙂