---
id: 2020
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 63'
date: 2011-04-24T22:01:44-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2020
permalink: /2011/04/tbt-day-63/
tbtfood1:
  - ""
tbtexercise1:
  - ""
categories:
  - General
  - tbt
---
#### Exercise

  * 6 mile run. I debated going longer but I didn&#8217;t feel super and I knew I had a lot of time on skates today..
  * Joint travel team practice (I only skated about an hour)
  * 3 hrs leading pick-up derby

At joint travel team practice I went airborne and landed squarely on both my knees. The impact shocked me&#8230; and my right knee. Aaahh! I immediately stopped skating and iced it. It hurt for awhile, but thankfully by the time we were set to run Pick-Up Derby, I felt ok. I actually demoed or participated in the majority of the drills and felt ok. I just want to get through a few weeks without injury! :-((

The other BIG news is that I&#8217;ve &#8216;graduated&#8217; in DRD. That is, I&#8217;m no longer on our B-team Bruising Altitude, I&#8217;m just on the Mile High Club. I&#8217;m excited, but then getting injured today made me feel more vulnerable. I want to be a positive contributor for one of the top teams in the country, but I need to be healthy to do that. Big breath! The team has confidence in me, I should have it too!!

#### Food

  * Kashi Go-lean cereal with kefir
  * Smoothie: kefir, egg whites, oatmeal, protein powder, wheat germ, chia seed, flax seed, spinach, mango, orange, apple, frozen berries
  * powerball
  * probar superfood slam
  * Vega sport performance protein drink
  * grapes
  * hemp hummus, pita bread
  * veggie sandwich (apple, avocado, mixed greens on a whole wheat bun), side salad
  * Starbucks nonfat dirty chai
  * sweet potato vermicelli, peanut sauce
  * mango