---
id: 2000
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 61'
date: 2011-04-22T13:18:06-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2000
permalink: /2011/04/tbt-day-61/
tbtfood1:
  - ""
tbtexercise1:
  - ""
categories:
  - tbt
---
#### Food

  * Smoothie: egg whites, kefir, frozen berries, carrots, spinach, apple, grapefruit, banana, hemp protein powder, wheat germ, chia seeds, hemp seeds.
  * quinoa with low-fat milk, cinnamon, strawberries
  * 2 [powerball](http://noticeverything.blogspot.com/2011/04/baseball-powerballs.html) &#8211; this is one of the joys of the TBT, finding recipes and treats from others!, 
  * green lentils and tomato quinoa
  * watermelon
  * apple with peanut butter
  * fruitein protein powder with kefir &#8211; like uber-proteinized strawberry yogurt!
  * chipotle soft corn tortilla with brown rice, black beans, salsa, lettuce and guac. I&#8217;m considering this clean, any dissention?
  * watermelon
  * hemp hummus, spinach and tomato sandwich on whole foods pumpernickel bread. I didn&#8217;t mean to buy pumpernickel, I meant to get the Fourteeners sprouted wheat, but apparently I don&#8217;t recognize my breads by sight&#8230;
  * sugar snap peas

The powerballs were delicious, but right after I ate it, I swear I felt the spike from the brown rice syrup. Despite the fact I took in the calories, I didn&#8217;t feel any sort of nutritional boost.

The other day I walked by a coffee shop and thought about getting something. I actually reflected a bit on why I thought about stopping; was it the caffeine, the coffee itself, or all the sweeteners I used to take? That&#8217;s one thing with switching to eating whole food. With processed food, you don&#8217;t really know why your body is responding as it is. But now if I think about it, I can more readily figure out why I&#8217;m craving what I am.

#### Exercise

  * Yoga for athletes, loved it!
  * [Getsome Athletics off-skates workout](http://www.fastgirlskates.com/roller-derby-skates/pc/viewPrd.asp?idproduct=17202&idcategory=25)

Sadly, I&#8217;m not as sore as I expected to be after my legwork yesterday. But yoga felt amazing, I just feel overall a bit tight and this helped work some kinks out. Then I tried out the off-skates workout DVD I bought at the bout last weekend. Nothing too intense, but there were a couple exercises I don&#8217;t generally do that were good.