---
id: 1779
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 28'
date: 2011-03-20T20:22:48-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/2011/03/tbt-day-28/
permalink: /2011/03/tbt-day-28/
categories:
  - tbt
---
Today was tough. We had a closed bout at our practice space, so needed to be there at 9am for track setup. I didn&#8217;t plan food well and while a lot of what we had there was healthy, there wasn&#8217;t enough really substantial. After the bout we went to a local bar and grill and the waitstaff was completely overwhelmed and couldn&#8217;t handle us. Naturally, I got grumpier and grumpier. Finally I just left and eventually made a decent dinner at home. But I realized I didn&#8217;t drink enough water and I dealt with major hunger pains today. No good! To avoid such nonsense again, I whipped up another double batch of my beloved pb chickpea bars. 

#### Food

  * 7:30: smoothie- yogurt, beets, kale, oatmeal, hemp protein powder, flax seed, chia seed, orange, mango, banana
  * 10:00 smoked salmon
  * 10:45-on: random breakfast bout food: fruit, almonds, Greek yogurt, granola, coffee with cream
  * 1:00 lemon quinoa bar
  * 3:00 one sweet potato tater tot (we waited over an hour for service at the bar/grill so I snagged one off a teammates plate before I keeled over from starvation)
  * 4:00 larabar
  * 6:30 whole wheat sweet potato gnocchi with spinach, tomato, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, lemon. Smoked salmon.

#### Exercise

Rest day! Well&#8230; Except I rode my bike to our practice space and back, around 8 miles total. It&#8217;s on a bike path almost the whole way, I felt really safe and enjoyed the ride!