---
id: 2256
title: Thrive + a great interval run
date: 2011-05-24T22:32:17-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2256
permalink: /2011/05/thrive/
tbtfood1:
  - ""
tbtexercise1:
  - ""
categories:
  - General
---
Today [Brendan Brazier](http://www.brendanbrazier.com/) came and spoke on plant-based nutrition at Whole Foods. Angela and I both recently read his book &#8220;Thrive&#8221; so we went to hear him speak. While it was really a product sales seminar and much of the information he provided was based on his books, it was still enjoyable. He&#8217;s just SO thin! He also wrote a book on fitness which I guess focuses more on increasing reps rather than weight; to maximize efficiency rather than build muscle. I like my muscle 🙂 I sampled some of the products I hadn&#8217;t already (and wasn&#8217;t able to resist buying the Vanilla Chai Whole Food Optimizer :-/) and bought his Fitness book pretty well just so he could autograph it. He wasn&#8217;t selling his latest book of recipes yet, so far it&#8217;s only available in Canada. Guess what I&#8217;m buying when I go home in a few weeks? 🙂

Before heading to the seminar, I stopped at the rec center for a great interval workout. This weekend is the Bolder Boulder and I&#8217;d really like to do well. My workout was: 

1 mile warmup,  
6x(.5mile at 7:40), .1mile rest  
1 mile cooldown

I worked it out in advance that my target was 46 seconds per lap at the track. But then I started running, and within the first lap decided to change my target to 40 seconds per lap (3:20 per half mile &#8211; 6:40 pace)

1: 3:19  
2: 3:15  
3: 3:14  
4: 3:14  
5: 3:11  
6: 3:13

Obviously, I was able to maintain this pace and stay strong throughout. Actually, now that I see how my pace actually improved, I wish I&#8217;d done more than 6 intervals!

Total: 5.5 miles in 45:48 (8:20 pace). Avg HR 158, Max HR 180.

It&#8217;s interesting, this morning when I woke up I felt stiff and not particularly strong. But a bath in epsom salts and some stretching really helped me feel better, and obviously I was able to have a good workout!

#### Food

  * Ezekiel cereal with nf milk, pineapple, chia seeds, hemp seeds
  * smoothie
  * black bean soup with a whole wheat tortilla
  * tea
  * vega sport performance optimizer
  * whole foods lunch buffet
  * vitamin water 
  * super spicy non-fat chai latte at whole foods (I initially got it unsweetened, then had to have them add vanilla syrup so I could stomach it!)
  * black bean soup
  * hemp hummus, spinach, tomato on hearty grains bread

#### Exercise

  * 5.5mile run