---
id: 2195
title: 'TBT &#8211; Day 86'
date: 2011-05-17T07:24:48-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=2195
permalink: /2011/05/tbt-day-86/
tbtfood1:
  - ""
tbtexercise1:
  - ""
categories:
  - tbt
---
So.. I sorta forgot I&#8217;d planned on taking a rest day today! But with my 90 day photos looming so close, I don&#8217;t want to miss a workout.

My abs feel really good after yesterday: I felt very strong and stable in my workout today, which actually seemed to really help in my shoulder/arm work. I was able to really isolate the muscles I wanted to work, not using my back or anything to help compensate.  
I can feel my ab muscles wanting to pop, but apparently I do carry some fat along my midsection. I read some articles this morning on cutting before a show, but I don&#8217;t think I&#8217;m going to be able to make any significant change before my photos Saturday. Is it ridiculous I&#8217;m trying to optimize my photos, AND that I just admitted it? Probably. Maybe I&#8217;m more like Tim Ferriss than I&#8217;d like to admit! (trying different things just to see what he can manipulate, not truly for the gain)

#### Exercise

  * some press I don&#8217;t know the name of &#8211; bicep curl then up to shoulder press &#8211; 15lbs
  * reverse flyes 15lbs/20lbs
  * Shoulder shrugs 20lbs
  * Superset side and lateral raises 12lbs 
  * Tricep extension machine 70lbs 
  * Independent lat pulldown 77lbs
  * Internal rotation 20lbs
  * Rotation 20lbs
  * Chest press 120lbs

#### Food: Cheat Day!

  * apple
  * Smoothie: egg whites, kefir, protein powder, wheat germ, hemp seed, chia seed, flax seed, glutamine, bcaas, maca, apple, banana, frozen fruit, kale, cocoa nibs
  * vega sport performance protein post-workout
  * Chocolate
  * banana, hemp seed, peanut butter in a whole wheat tortilla
  * beet borscht with a dab of greek yogurt
  * chai from a machine
  * cookies painstakingly saved from the Rose bout
  * veggie burger with avocado and tomato, spring greens
  * fro-yo with pb & chocolate and cheesecake toppings
  * red wine