---
id: 4264
title: On the road
date: 2012-08-27T19:20:28-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=4264
permalink: /2012/08/on-the-road-2/
categories:
  - General
---
Yes &#8211; I&#8217;m still alive! I have a backlog of entries to post, but I&#8217;ve been enjoying actually LIVING and have had little patience to sit down and write about it. But today I&#8217;m back in Ohio for a work trip, and it&#8217;s worthy of a little reflection. 

At the beginning of July I was rehired by a company I worked for some 5 years ago. I&#8217;m home-based but this week I&#8217;m headed back to Ohio to get some facetime with my co-workers. It&#8217;s interesting coming back, as I marvelled to see some of my old haunts. 

Although many of the old stores and restaurants are still there (and I am really hoping we&#8217;ll go back to my old favorite Indian buffet for lunch one day!), **I&#8217;ve** changed. Right after I checked into the hotel I headed off to the grocery store for some healthy snacks. I&#8217;m staying in a Homewood Suites so I have my own little kitchenette with a fridge &#8211; score! I picked up some fresh fruit and vegetables for snacks (I brought along nuts and bars). Then after a quick snack I threw on my running shoes to further explore the area by foot. I stopped in a health food store long enough to decide to come back with money later, and eventually found myself at a gym that offered free access to guests at my hotel. I went in to inquire about the hours and was thrilled to see tons of equipment and learn they were open 24/7! I took a stroll around and did a little bit of work before heading out to continue my run. 

Oh! I should mention that I MUCH prefer altitude to humidity. Yuck! 

Back at the hotel I hit up the Happy Cow website, which lists vegetarian restaurants. I was AMAZED to find a review for a vegan place in the Dayton Mall, which was less than a half mile from where I&#8217;m staying! I headed over and found a vegan place in the food court, although it had a different name than what the Happy Cow site listed. Amazing! Then I headed back to the health food store I&#8217;d found earlier and picked up some more snacks, and loose tea for the morning. 

I&#8217;ve always loved traveling and staying in hotels, I don&#8217;t know why I feel so much more at peace when someone else changes my sheets 😉 In the past, a hotel visit would mean settling in with a book and relaxing. I find it really interesting that now, traveling means exploring grocery stores! 

A friend recently bought me &#8220;[It Starts With Food](http://www.amazon.com/It-Starts-Food-Discover-Unexpected/dp/1936608898)&#8220;, which advocates developing a healthy relationship with food, savoring it and appreciating what it can do for your health. Although my dietary restrictions are, um, plentiful, I find that I enjoy food a lot more now. I enjoy trying new things and don&#8217;t worry even on a subconscious level of feeling ill later. It&#8217;s fun to explore a new place and see what they have to offer!

Just on another note since I&#8217;m actually posting &#8211; yesterday my running group had a little Happy Hour Get-together and I ended up sitting across from another gluten-free vegan and next to vegan couple. We enjoyed some great food and actually ended up outlasting most of the other attendees! Hooray for being plant-strong! (the two women are also killer runners: Annie has run sub-3 for both her marathons and Laura is an extremely successful masters runner, winning some local race nearly every weekend. I can only hope to run on plants as well as they do!)