---
id: 3749
title: 'TBT12 &#8211; Day 48'
date: 2012-02-21T21:25:27-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=3749
permalink: /2012/02/tbt12-day-48/
categories:
  - tbt
---
oof! 

I woke up this morning just feeling worked over from the massage and muscle restoration work yesterday. My calf is hurting less than yesterday, but still feels &#8220;different&#8221;. I guess that means it&#8217;s being restored??  
Yesterday Josh got a really sensitive spot right below my ribs on the right side &#8211; I seriously jumped and recoiled my left leg when he did it. Last night I was thinking about it &#8211; I believe that&#8217;s where my adrenal glands are. So of course I started thinking &#8211; I&#8217;ve been working out reasonably hard for awhile and taking that SuperPump stuff&#8230; I think I need to pay attention to my cortisol levels a bit more. So no black tea for me today, instead I made sure to take maca with a morning smoothie and skipped my morning workout.  
I felt pretty headachy and out of sorts for most of the day, and en route to Boulder to run felt like I was going to have to take it easy. Thankfully, the run cleared my head and I actually felt better for awhile!  
The workout itself went great, I worked on my pacing and finished strong. And then I received Coco, a little award/statue given out at Tuesday practices. I was shocked! Darren said it was for putting in a few good workouts the past week. Awesome, nice motivation!  
Then I went to Recovery Club, did the compression boots and had my shins/calves massaged. Can you say &#8220;glutton for punishment&#8221;?  
Now I&#8217;m home and feel some sinus pressure again. Yuck :-/

#### Food

&#8211; Smoothie: Vega Whole Food Optimizer, coconut milk, banana, peanut butter, a bit of protein powder, maca, turmeric, ginger, glutamine  
&#8211; Tokyo Joe&#8217;s Boulder Veggie Bowl &#8211; I got a coupon for a free bowl since it was my half-birthday today!  
&#8211; White Bean and Kale soup  
&#8211; apple  
&#8211; greek yogurt with honey  
&#8211; honeymilk post-workout  
&#8211; PROBar superfood slam  
&#8211; veggie juice: cucumber, apple, spinach

#### Exercise

&#8211; [Great workout where I nailed my paces](http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/2012/02/pacing-fun/): 9.05 miles in 1:11.