---
id: 3298
title: 'TBT12- Day 16'
date: 2012-01-16T20:08:55-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=3298
permalink: /2012/01/tbt12-day-16/
categories:
  - tbt
---
Today was a tough food day. At home I&#8217;m ok finding good protein offerings but it was really tough on this trip. Considering the hard work I put my body through, I probably needed it more than normal! I think I&#8217;m going to have to give up on my February &#8220;month of veganism&#8221; idea.  
I met the gang for lunch and Fuddruckers was MY idea- I wanted a hearty veggie burger. Eight friends came to meet me.. Only for me to learn this location didn&#8217;t have veggie burgers. Ugh. Luckily the place next door was a fresh juice bar..

Food  
&#8211; coffee with skim  
&#8211; farmers scrambler (eggs, peppers, tomato, avocado), dry wheat toast, fresh fruit  
&#8211; 2 bananas  
&#8211; orange, carrot, ginger fresh juice  
&#8211; subway veggie sub  
&#8211; dried apricots  
&#8211; tea  
&#8211; homemade protein bar (so annoyed I made these then forgot to bring them to Houston)  
&#8211; quorn chickn cutlet, avocado, black bean and corn pupusa (protein!! Hurray!!!)  
&#8211; coconut water

Exercise &#8211; rest day!  
-I missed this last week, so week 3, day 3 of the pushup challenge: 22, 30, 20, 20, 28. 

My coach says no running for the week, I can bike or swim on the weekend if I wish. I originally thought this was a great opportunity to lift and do Crossfit but I suppose he probably means actually REST. 

Also, the cough I had a bit yesterday before the race is back full-force. Completely with a tiny bit of hacking up junk. Ugh&#8230; At least I made it through the race!