---
id: 3346
title: Recovery
date: 2012-01-20T22:56:04-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=3346
permalink: /2012/01/recovery/
categories:
  - General
---
The afternoon of the marathon, my coach sent out our week of workouts to the group. There was mention of what those who&#8217;d raced the half should do, but no mention of the marathoners. I emailed him to inquire, and he stated that we were to do nothing. At first I thought &#8220;no running &#8211; great! I can lift, and do crossfit, and&#8230;.&#8221; But then there was a follow-up email that clearly said we were to relax and revel in our accomplishment, and come the weekend we could do some cross-training or hit the gym. 

I&#8217;ll admit it, the endorphin junkie in me struggled a bit with this! Early in the week work was a bit stressful, and I yearned to go for an easy run to clear my head and boost my spirits. 

I get it, though. I know that recovery after a hard effort like the race last week is a really smart idea. Although my legs seemed fine, on Thursday I got a massage and she found some tender spots in my calves that I hadn&#8217;t realized were there! Rather than struggling through that first hobbling run a few days post-race, I&#8217;m truly giving my legs the time to fix all of those little microtears. Then when I start training anew, it will be from a strong base. 

Also, the two weeks before the race I had a sore throat (I think I was even a bit fevered race weekend, as my lips chapped) and by not exercising this week, I&#8217;m letting my body focus on rebuilding my immune system (I still have a bit of a phlegmy cough. ugh). 

Lastly, there&#8217;s a big mental component to recovery. I&#8217;m a notorious goal setting-and-knocker-downer. I barely meet one goal when I&#8217;m off to set the next. As I get faster, my goals are going to become increasingly more difficult to attain. So this week to relax and not worry about logging miles or anything is a nice welcome break. Because I wasn&#8217;t exercising, I also took the week off the TBT. I let my nutrition slide as well. Although I wanted to eat healthily to promote recovery, I did treat myself a bit. I figured if my body wanted something, now was the time to get it. Already this weekend I&#8217;m back &#8220;on the wagon&#8221; and ready to refocus. 

It was nice to have a short break to mark a transition. That training period is over, I&#8217;ve earned a bit of a reprieve and now it&#8217;s time to start again. As someone who devotes 110% to something and then often suffers burnout, I think this is a great way for me to prolong my interest (and ability) in this sport.