---
id: 3687
title: 'TBT12- Day 42'
date: 2012-02-15T22:26:14-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=3687
permalink: /2012/02/tbt12-day-42/
categories:
  - tbt
---
Today was a day of temptation and a bit of stress, but I stayed strong! 

A couple weeks ago I got in my mind that perhaps I&#8217;d like to get my MBA. I did some research, and then realized that the program I wanted to get into (Evening MBA at CU Boulder) only accepts applicants once a year, and the deadline was 2/15! So it&#8217;s been occupying my mind for awhile as I pulled together documentation, solicited references and wrote a series of essays. I woke up this morning around 5 with &#8220;one more thing&#8230;&#8221; to finish up. I managed to knock it out and still get out for an easy run before work. 

My work has an office in a shared space, and I only go into the office maybe once a week. I went in today to find a nice sign in the breakroom announcing there would be a party at 2pm, with chocolate, cupcakes and wine! Shortly before 2 one of the receptionists came in to tell me the party was about to start. I figured it would be easier to avoid the temptation if I stayed in my office, so I didn&#8217;t venture out til almost 3:30. I wasn&#8217;t safe! I could smell the sugary cupcakes all the way down the hall. And not only did they have chocolate, THEY HAD A CHOCOLATE FOUNTAIN. With fruit and pretzels to dip, and also cheese and crackers and wine and cupcakes. Thankfully the cupcakes were those little small ones so I really wasn&#8217;t tempted at all. I grabbed a plate of fruit and had to decline the explicit invites from people to &#8220;have a cupcake! have some wine!&#8221;.  
Shew, crisis averted!

Then after work I headed over the Runners Roost to join their run club. I&#8217;d met a few of the folks a few times before, which was nice. I started out running with Luke for a bit, and then Heather U. caught up with us (she&#8217;d arrived late) and she and I started running together. I think it was a recovery run for her and it was closer to a tempo for me, but whatever. With a little over a mile to go, she suggested picking it up a bit. I started with her, but couldn&#8217;t quite sustain the pace. Then a street crossing with quite a few cars separated us and I wasn&#8217;t sure which way to go. I waited on some folks who gave me directions and then I was off again. In all I did 6.25 miles in 45:45, which is a 7:20 pace. Yeah.. not an easy recovery run for me at all! Got back to the store, and what was waiting there? Free wine and beer and chips and salsa, and I think more cheese and crackers! I seriously felt like the universe wanted me to drink wine today. But again, I resisted. Chatted with some folks for awhile, and then Heather asked if I wanted to join them for dinner. I hedged a bit and asked where they were going (shit TBTers say). She said she wasn&#8217;t sure, and I decided that I wasn&#8217;t sure how much temptation I could resist in one day, so I said I&#8217;d join them next time.

Finally I made it home, safe from temptation. I&#8217;ll tell you what, normally the TBT doesn&#8217;t bother me, but today I even wished I were on day 46 with everybody else. I feel like I&#8217;m ready to be done.. (I should take some pics to keep myself motivated, shouldn&#8217;t I?)

Oh! And the moment you&#8217;ve been waiting for, I finally published my [review on the new Vega sport line](http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/vega-sport-product-review)!

#### Food

&#8211; Banana pre-run  
&#8211; tea  
&#8211; Vega chocolate sports protein (with water, this was gross)  
&#8211; Whole foods Breakfast burrito with egg, potato, veggie chili, sauteed veggies, mango salsa, cilantro, guac on a whole wheat tortilla. The guy offered me a sample of their vegan chorizo. It was ok, but I don&#8217;t feel like I need to eat something meat-like.  
&#8211; Seed bread, almond butter, banana  
&#8211; Coconut lime curry, brown basmati rice  
&#8211; Fruit  
&#8211; Coconut water  
&#8211; Honey milk  
&#8211; More Vega Chocolate protein powder, this time with coconut milk. Better, but it&#8217;s no chocolate milk!  
&#8211; Falafel chips and hatchamole  
&#8211; Ezekiel pita pocket with quorn chickn, hatchamole, hummus, tomato  
&#8211; veggie juice: beet, carrot, spinach

#### Exercise

&#8211; 4.75 mile run in 41:57  
&#8211; 6.23 mile run in 45:45  
Yeah.. 1.5 miles difference, and only 4 minutes. we were flying tonight!