---
id: 3793
title: 'TBT12 &#8211; Day 54'
date: 2012-02-27T23:16:17-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=3793
permalink: /2012/02/tbt12-day-54/
categories:
  - tbt
---
Cheat and rest day!

I had a pretty busy day despite not making time to work out. Got a chiro adjustment this morning- my back has been bugging me a bit lately. Sadly the best doc wasn&#8217;t in, but the adjustment was still ok. However, this guy always manages to hit a sore spot right on my tailbone when he adjusts me. I&#8217;d forgotten about this (it&#8217;s some random old derby injury) but he managed to hit it again. I love that I haven&#8217;t skated in months and there are lingering effects&#8230;.

I got an oil change over lunch so I had my share of fast food options (Steak and Shake, Chubby&#8217;s, Subway, DQ). I went to Subway &#8211; even on a cheat day, I&#8217;m not that bad 😉 Although I DID go for the southwest sauce, bbq chips and cookies. Hooray for treats! It&#8217;s quite possible this is the first time I&#8217;ve ever gotten cookies at Subway..

I was killing some time so I went into GNC and was looking at the bodybuilding supplements and asked if they had smaller containers of some [nightime recovery protein](http://www.gnc.com/product/index.jsp?productId=12375573) they were selling. The woman told me that this was really for bodybuilders, &#8220;like that guy on the poster&#8221; and we women don&#8217;t need products like this, because we don&#8217;t need the vascularity that men seem to want. She told me that it was great when women want to use weights to get toned, but &#8220;we really don&#8217;t need products like this&#8221;. I explained that I DID lift and as a vegetarian I was really careful about trying to be sure I got enough protein.. she looked at me a little blankly. Okay&#8230; 

But I wasn&#8217;t really looking to buy anything anyway, so I kept wandering. Then she asked if I used a multi-vitamin. Uh, yeah. The final straw was when she followed me and pointed to their &#8220;[Total lean](http://www.gnc.com/product/index.jsp?productId=12321964&kwCatId=)&#8221; product line. She told me that it was really popular, had thermogenics and some meal replacement shakes. Uh huh. Thanks for steering me from the muscle-building protein supplement I was asking about to some stupid fat-burning crap. Way to reinforce those stereotypes, lady. 

Tonight I had a date.. we went to happy hour, which was fun. That&#8217;s all I&#8217;ll say about that.

Then Frida and I went to Udi&#8217;s Supper Club. Once a month they do a vegan all-you-can-eat dinner. This was the reason I&#8217;d decided to make today my cheat day, but I think other than the dessert (little doughnuts with some syrup) it was probably reasonably clean. And delicious!! 

#### Food

&#8211; Seeduction bread with cheese  
&#8211; unsweetened bhakti chai with unsweetened coconut milk  
&#8211; Starbucks dirty chai  
&#8211; subway veggie sandwich on honey oat (with provolone), baked bbq chips and 2 cookies  
&#8211; 3 lavendar-rosemary lemonades  
&#8211; smoked eggplant, naan,  
&#8211; tandoori vegetables  
&#8211; Chickpea flour crepes, Coconut and garam masala chickpeas topped with tomatoes, fried black chickpeas, peanuts, and toasted coconut  
&#8211; fried dough in a ginger cardamom syrup with mango  
&#8211; some chocolate hazelnut fudge coconut-milk ice cream. I like to kid myself that because it&#8217;s low-glycemic and doesn&#8217;t have dairy or processed sugar, it&#8217;s ok. I know it&#8217;s not, hence why I&#8217;m having it on my cheat day.