---
id: 4292
title: a 3.1 mile 10K?
date: 2012-11-10T12:36:11-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=4292
permalink: /2012/11/a-3-1-mile-10k/
categories:
  - General
---
Today was the Home Sweet Home 10K in Denver. Our group was supposed to run a time trial for our new coach so he could assess our fitness. After a great run yesterday I was feeling confident, and decided I&#8217;d run with Rick and Cheri, who were gunning for 41min. That would be a PR for me, but I felt pretty good about it.

I couldn&#8217;t find my watch, so Easy lent me hers. I&#8217;d actually debated not wearing one, but took it along. I was SO excited prior to the race, with tons of excited energy. We started right up front and I felt great! We hit the first mile and I glanced at my watch: 6:25. Whoa! That was not what I wanted to be doing at this point. We were supposed to be running negative splits, and I didn&#8217;t think that was going to be possible if the first mile were that fast. I watched as Cheri and Rick drifted away through the second mile. At one point I glanced at my watch and it said 6:44, and I was completely deflated. 

The course was two loops of the 5K course, and Laura was just up ahead with one other woman running the 5K. I decided around mile 2.5 that I was going to switch distances. For a brief moment I wanted to push to try to get closer to them, but then just as quickly I felt like crap. I ran it in in 20:45 for 3rd overall female.

It was fun to then be able to go and cheer on my friends, who ended up doing great. Annie won the race overall, Cheri came in 3rd overall (2nd F), Rick came in 4th overall (2nd M) and I believe Gerry came in 3rd F. I was so proud of them for doing so well! No one quite hit their time goals but they fought hard. 

I was able to not think about it too much initially and just be proud for them, but now of course I&#8217;m beating myself up about it. 

OH! And the worst part? Our first mile wasnt 6:25. I was looking at the instantaneous time, and we were actually at 6:51, right where we should have been. I psyched myself out and sabotaged my race. 🙁

I need to find that strength that makes you keep going. That makes you push through and see what you can do, not letting negatives in my head slow me down. I need to have confidence and be hungry to see what I can do, and not worry about feeling like the race is lost mid-course. 

I know this is my &#8216;thing&#8217; holding me back. Just need to figure out how to overcome it. Quitting is not ok! I need to be in a state of mind to want to see how I do, not be unwilling to finish just because I think it&#8217;s not the race I want.