---
id: 4280
title: Denver Rock and Roll Half 2012
date: 2012-09-21T23:26:31-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=4280
permalink: /2012/09/denver-half-2012/
categories:
  - General
---
Tomorrow is the Rock and Roll Denver Half. A year ago, that was my breakthrough race that qualified me for the NYCM and prompted me to start looking for a coach to see what I could do. 

A few months ago, I set my goal for this race: shave off 4 minutes from last year and come in sub 1:30. 

Instead, I&#8217;m going to hopefully sleep in a bit and meet a friend for brunch. 

My entry is paid for, but I just don&#8217;t feel mentally prepared for the race. The past few weeks have been rough and I just don&#8217;t know that I&#8217;ve settled on the pace that I&#8217;d need to sustain for the race. My true target race is in a month and I don&#8217;t want a poor showing this weekend to place any doubts in my mind. 

Ahem &#8211; any MORE doubts. 

It&#8217;s so strange. In January I shifted my target pace from 7:38mm to a 7:15mm the week before the race. I just figured I&#8217;d go for it and see how long I could hold on. But I feel much less confident right now. I feel run down and unfocused.

I feel like objectively, I&#8217;m a stronger runner than I was 9 months ago. But if I think about running for 26.2 miles at a 7:04 pace.. I&#8217;m just not sure how that will go. 

That needs to change! I need to shake these doubts off and focus! I know a few weeks ago I was longing for taper, well I have one (or two) more weeks til then. I need to hit it hard and make it count! I think after Columbus and New York I&#8217;ll take some time off from running and so I need to just give it my all for a few more weeks. 

It doesn&#8217;t help that I twinged my hamstring something bad on Wednesday. I was having a really good workout with the Boulder Striders and then during part of the workout that was supposed to be HMP (that I was going too fast for b/c I was feeling good), I got shooting pain in the back of my leg. I eased up, then stopped, then tried to run, to no avail. I quit the workout early and jogged back a bit. Two days later and it still ached a bit when I went to jog around the block. So not even starting the race tomorrow was a really easy decision, but I don&#8217;t want to use this as another excuse to slow down my Columbus training. 

So although tomorrow I won&#8217;t start the Rock and Roll Denver Half Marathon, I WILL start my countdown to a good strong race in my old stomping grounds. Columbus! My first 26.2. The marathon I&#8217;ve completed more than any other. My &#8220;age&#8221; marathon (it&#8217;ll be my 35th race of 26.2miles or longer, I&#8217;m 35 years old)

I CAN DO THIS!