---
id: 3290
title: TBT12-Day 13
date: 2012-01-13T22:17:58-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=3290
permalink: /2012/01/tbt12-day-13/
categories:
  - tbt
---
Not a good food day. 🙁 first didn&#8217;t eat enough during the day, then ate bad stuff when I did get to eat. 

Food  
-banana  
-vega sport optimizer with BCAAs and creatine  
&#8211; vega sports protein with BCAAs and creatine  
Clif bar  
Tea  
Quiznos veggie sub (no cheese) on wheat  
Larabar  
Ginger chai  
Vegetarian thali &#8211; combo platter at a delicious Indian restaurant. I&#8217;d planned to stay away from the rice and naan but my &#8220;3 on a scale of 1-5 on spicyiness&#8221; was pretty hot and I needed it to be able to eat. Ugh. 

Exercise  
This is the reason my food was lacking! Wanted to hit the gym AND run this morning before heading to Houston.  
&#8211; continued work on my bench press, chest and tris. Did 6&#215;5 at 80lbs, as well as 4x85lbs and 15x55lbs. Come March 4th, I want to be able to do 30x80lbs.. But should be prepared to press 85lbs.  
&#8211; great 4 mile run around the hood. I wore shorts even if it wasn&#8217;t exactly warm out. My heart rate averaged 150 but I maintained just under a 9 minute pace. I&#8217;m so ready to let loose on Sunday! I&#8217;m still a little congested but I know I&#8217;ll be fine in a few days.

I&#8217;m in Houston now, have already met 5 friends from Columbus and it&#8217;s been fun to catch up. Looking forward to the rest of the weekend: tomorrow we&#8217;re watching the Olympic trials, going to the marathon expo, then I&#8217;ll meet the RRBs for a last run, dinner again with the Columbus folks and then SHOWTIME!