---
id: 3461
title: 'TBT12 &#8211; Day 22'
date: 2012-01-26T21:07:48-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=3461
permalink: /2012/01/tbt12-day-22/
categories:
  - tbt
---
Today started SO much better than yesterday! I woke up feeling completely relaxed and content. And THEN I got to run! Yay!

#### Food

&#8211; chia chai pudding. This was a mix of a few chia pudding recipes: I used cashews, dates, coconut milk, fresh ginger, garam masala and cinnamon. Blended it up. Threw in a few tablespoons of chai seeds and refrigerated overnight. It got THICK! It was ok, not the best thing I&#8217;ve eaten but it was hearty.  
&#8211; Ezekiel English muffin with peanut butter and hemp seeds  
&#8211; Amazing meal with water  
&#8211; cashews  
&#8211; pb&j larabar  
&#8211; avocado  
&#8211; green juice: spinach, cucumber, ginger, apple, carrot, celery  
&#8211; quinoa, tempeh and a kitchen sink of sauteed veggies: onion, chard, red pepper, squash, zucchini, eggplant, garbanzo beans, bean sprouts.  
&#8211; vega protein with glutamine

#### Exercise

-4.5 mile run. My left knee hurt a bit at the start but it eased up. Running is just so good for my spirit, love starting off my day with a run!

#### Recovery

Went to AllSports after work, got a great massage on my left IT band, did 30 min in the boots and then hung on the inversion table. Oh, and I stood on the weird vibrating board, this helps your stabilizer muscles. It was weird (like most things I try there, right?) but good. 

Today I caved and bought myself a juicer! I&#8217;d read a bunch of reviews online and finally settled on the Omega 350 VERT (Vert for vertical, so it can fit on my little tiny counters). Also, this one is available at Bed Bath and Beyond, which meant I could use a 20% off coupon, sweet! Watch out for a daily veggie juice!