---
id: 3292
title: 'TBT12- Day 14'
date: 2012-01-15T04:25:00-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=3292
permalink: /2012/01/tbt12-day-14/
categories:
  - tbt
---
What an exciting day! We woke up to watch the Olympic Trials for the marathon. I saw the women&#8217;s trials back in 08 but this was the first time the men&#8217;s and women&#8217;s were held the same day at the same place. Big Jelly and I had free breakfast with our room, so I enjoyed an omelet ( spinach, mushroom, tomato), melon, banana and coffee. Then we met the rest of my Columbus friends and headed out to watch. Standing in our feet for 3 hours probably wasn&#8217;t the greatest the day before my race, but that&#8217;s what we did. I snacked on an apple, a banana and a probar. The race was amazing, truly inspiring with the top 4 men all running under 2:10 and the top 4 women all beating the previous women&#8217;s trials record ( set by Colleen back in 2004). I was fun to watch but I&#8217;ll admit even some of those folks did NOT make it look fun! 

We went through the expo where I stayed away from the additive-laden energy bar samples, though I did enjoy some honey milk. We then caught up with the rest of the dang, who were eating at&#8230;. A food court. Wtf. Thankfully there was a salad place! It didn&#8217;t have tofu but there were some nut options and edamame so I tried to get in some protein. I flexed my &#8220;I get to have whatever I need the day before a race&#8221; rule and had a Gatorade. 

We didn&#8217;t get back to the hotel til nearly 2 and I was set to meet the RRBs for a last run at 2:45, do I changed and got ready. I felt a bit nervous for this run, as silly as that is. I met Lydia, Shawna and Mark for a ride to the Hilton, where we met Darren, Sarah, Tony and Darren&#8217;s daughter Tazmin ( and a few other folks I didn&#8217;t know) we set off for a run, which further got me in the spirit! It was a bit warm for what I was wearing ( capris and a tshirt) but it felt good. We did a 2 mile warmup, stretched and the 4x90sec at race pace. Lydia, Tazmin and I stayed at the back though I couldn&#8217;t stay slow enough. My watch freaked out when we were circling a building on the last 90 sec, but before that we did 7, 6:58, 7:07. There&#8217;s so much oxygen here! Did 4.5 miles total. 

I told Tony I&#8217;d be running with him (he&#8217;s a pace group leader) so he chatted with me about his strategy and pacing. He told me not to get too excited and run away from the group too soon. That won&#8217;t be a problem!

We got back to the hotel and managed to meet up with some guy Todd, also from Boulder. As we did introductions, he said &#8220;Andrea&#8230;..Hill? We&#8217;re friends on twitter!&#8221; it was @boulderrrunner! So we chatted in that weird way you chat with someone you&#8217;ve followed for years but never met in person. 

Got back to the hotel at 4:15 and had a half hour before heading out to dinner. 23 of us met at birrapirettis and I was good and ordered not from the menu, spinach fettuccini with olive oil, spinach tomato and crushed red pepper. It was fun to chat with everyone!  
I did go for tradition over health by getting a sprite and a tiramisu. I think the tiramisu is on some level a &#8220;make me feel full&#8221; indulgence so I don&#8217;t worry about getting hungry en route. A bit silly but tradition. I did feel guilty about it though so I may work on changing that. 

Got home before 8, guzzled some more Gatorade and set out my race kit. My roomie was planning to get up at 4 so we were lights out before 10!

Soooo excited!