---
id: 3692
title: TBT12-Day 43
date: 2012-02-17T07:19:43-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=3692
permalink: /2012/02/tbt12-day-43/
categories:
  - tbt
---
This is a briefer version of my earlier post that my computer lost when it froze up ugh&#8230;  
So something&#8217;s been weighing on me. This is the third(?) time I&#8217;ve done the TBT, but I&#8217;m actually struggling with the eats. I don&#8217;t know if it&#8217;s that the novelty has worn off, or something bigger. On Jan 1 I decided to drop fish out of my diet. As well, I&#8217;ve been trying to cut down on dairy (switched to coconut milk, haven&#8217;t had Greek yogurt in forever. The holdout is kefir and I have it maybe twice a week). Lastly, I&#8217;ve cut back on fruit consumption, although I&#8217;ve added in daily veggie juices ( that sometimes do include apple). 

About the dairy- last year even off the TBT I stayed away from cheese most of the time. But now I&#8217;m finding I&#8217;m craving it. I was recently listening to a Ben Greenfield Fitness podcast and he was talking about how important fats are. Normally vegetarian/vegan diets end up low in fat, which can affect mood, including mental health. Back in Ohio, some friends had a theory that after 6 months on a vegan diet, girls went a little crazy.. And that actually seems explained by what Ben talks about in his podcast!  
So I can eat avocados, udo&#8217;s oil and nuts til I&#8217;m blue in the face, but part of me wonders why the heck I can&#8217;t have a bit of cheese to get that in.  
Of course, there&#8217;s also that other side of me that doesn&#8217;t want to eat dairy at all, both for ethical and health reasons. I know there are no happy cows out there who experience joy in offering us not-somehow-tainted milk. 

Huh. Ok even as I read this, I realize it&#8217;s been awhile since I took my calc/mag supplement, so I&#8217;m going to go pop those for a few days and see if that helps.

But I&#8217;m ALSO a bit conflicted over tofu. We all know that soybeans are like the most genetically modified crop in America, and soy is in everything and too much of it can cause problems with your estrogen level. But I&#8217;ve considered it a bit source of protein in my diet, and now I&#8217;m wishing there were a clear alternative. 

I feel like when I first watched Food Inc. what CAN I eat??

#### Food

&#8211; superpump max  
&#8211; monster amino  
&#8211; tofu scramble with hash browns  
&#8211; vega protein powder with kefir  
&#8211; cashews  
&#8211; superfood slam  
&#8211; tea  
&#8211; amy&#8217;s rice crust dairy-free spinach pizza (actually very tasty! I preferred the crust to other kinds)  
&#8211; fresh-squeezed oj  
&#8211; Brussels sprouts brushed with citrus habanero olive oil/balsamic vinegar, then steamed, brown rice, avocado

#### Exercise

&#8211; 32 reps at 60lbs at the gym!  
Decided to do legs at the gym for the first time in awhile. My left knee actually started really bugging me. A few hours later it&#8217;s fine, but I wasn&#8217;t happy at the gym!  
&#8211; leg press  
&#8211; hamstring curl  
&#8211; leg extension  
&#8211; various lunges and squats  
&#8211; single leg jumps  
&#8211; abs

#### Recovery

&#8211; compression boots  
&#8211; cold laser around my knee  
&#8211; neck massage  
&#8211; stability board  
&#8211; inversion table. I determined that abs look best when you&#8217;re suspended upside down.  
&#8211; rumble roller