---
id: 3222
title: TBT12-Day 7
date: 2012-01-07T22:03:49-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=3222
permalink: /2012/01/tbt12-day-7/
categories:
  - tbt
---
Saturday mornings I get up and meet my running club in Boulder. I wasn&#8217;t really excited about today&#8217;s workout, and then it turned out I even went to the wrong meeting place! I had plans to meet with my coach afterwards, otherwise I think I would have just driven back to Denver. But, I&#8217;m glad I didn&#8217;t. We had a [great meeting](http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/2012/01/a-workout-and-planning-for-2012/) that&#8217;s got me very excited for 2012!

It got steadily colder as the day went on, and even started to snow. Perfect for the [vegan pho](http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/2011/11/vegan-pho/) I had planned for dinner!

#### Food

  * Ezekiel toast with almond butter, hemp seed, banana
  * tea
  * latte with rice milk
  * some vegetarian breakfast burrito on whole wheat. It had cheese :-/
  * honeymilk
  * probar superfood slam
  * smoothie with almond milk, protein powder, wheat germ, hemp seed, chia seed, apple, banana, bluesberries, greens and carrots
  * homemade kombucha
  * coconut water
  * homemade pho with bok choy, veggie broth of course, sweet potato vermicelli noodles, bean sprouts, onion, spices (star anise, cinnamon, ginger, cloves) Wow, as I write this, I realize there&#8217;s really not many calories to this. I need to eat more, so&#8230;
  * the last of that blueberry ginger chia pudding
  * homemade guacamole and multi-seed crackers

#### Exercise

  * 8.9mile run with the group (after I frantically rushed to meet them). I didn&#8217;t feel great, but then I look at my paces and they&#8217;re fine.. it&#8217;s not easy because I&#8217;m working hard! 
  * Warmup incline bench press 3&#215;5 w/ 15lb dumbbells
  * Bench press: 3&#215;5 @ 75lbs, 3&#215;5 @ 80lbs, 3&#215;5 @ 85lbs, 3&#215;10 @ 70lbs. Later I went back and did a quick 15x45lbs (just the bar). I&#8217;m stoked: I think I&#8217;m in a decent place for the Pump and Run (where I will likely have to do 80lbs)
  * various tricep exercises, including hanging dips. So far I can&#8217;t get in more than 7 at a time.
  * 1 mile &#8220;errand&#8221; run. It&#8217;s snowing here and I don&#8217;t like driving in the snow. So I ran the .51 miles to the store for cilantro for dinner! Honestly, this was the best-feeling run I&#8217;ve had in a week. Maybe I just needed the weather to break?

When I was in the coffee shop this morning, I debated going whole hog, starting my cheat day with some amazing espresso drink with multiple sugary syrups. And then I decided it wasn&#8217;t worth it. I didn&#8217;t have anything going on today that really warranted a good cheat day, and honestly I prefer to eat better the day of a workout so that my body can recover. Tonight I&#8217;m chilling at home eating homemade guacamole and sure I could have a beer, but eh. I may have a better reason to drink later in the week and then I&#8217;ll be bummed I wasted a cheat day on one beer at home. 

I&#8217;ve already crested 30 miles this week, which is pretty big considering the marathon is next weekend. I only had one week over 30 in each of the months of August and September! So, I am going to really take it easy this week and make sure I&#8217;m all rested and recovered for the run. Expect my exercise to go down for the next week, but I&#8217;ll be back full-force soon enough!