---
id: 3743
title: TBT12-Day 47
date: 2012-02-20T21:10:24-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=3743
permalink: /2012/02/tbt12-day-47/
categories:
  - tbt
---
I think I like this &#8220;no working&#8221; thing!

I&#8217;d gone to bed early last night, so I was up pretty early this morning. It was fine though because my day ended up being busy! I did some stuff around the house, then headed to Cherry Creek where I got in a good workout at Pura Vida. It&#8217;s such a different vibe there: I feel like I end up doing much more &#8220;functional&#8221; work. I spent some time focusing on my legs &#8211; I realized recently in my 45 day pics that there is a really apparent difference in muscle definition between my two legs (and assumedly strength?). So I did some single leg squats as well as box jumps, etc. Worked on tightening my glutes and not collapsing in &#8211; all that stuff I learned a year ago in PT and haven&#8217;t worried about for months. :-/ There was one guy at the gym who was crazy ripped and at one point I was working on my pistol squats and he brought a box and a stretchy band over by where I was. He motioned for me to get up on the box and showed me how I could practice my single leg squats on there, which would help me in working my core during the squats. It was really helpful! He introduced himself afterwards, he actually works there, and now that I look at his bio, he&#8217;s an &#8220;NASM Corrective Exercise Specialist&#8221;. Sweet! I also did some different pushups with the TRX as well as with the slider discs, extending a leg, etc. They have a new machine too where you sit and there&#8217;s a rope you pull down (like climbing). There are different settings for cardio vs strength. I only tried it for about a minute but it was fun!

Driving home from the gym it was bright and sunny and I decided to get my run in. Well, it was actually really windy and therefore cold, so I only did 4.5 (ideally, I&#8217;d have done 6). I did focus on my form a bit and felt reasonably strong (when I wasn&#8217;t being blown over!)

THEN I headed to Recovery Club where I had my appointment with Josh. He did some muscle tests and right away commented that I&#8217;d been doing some work at home. Great to see it was already noticeable! I&#8217;d have to say the work, which was a combination of massage, muscle testing and ultrasound, was not the most pleasant thing in the world. I actually mentioned to Josh that sometimes when I run I get a quick stab of pain in my left shin, so he started doing some work and before the end of the session it felt like my whole shin was on fire. Ok- so here&#8217;s the thing, I know it&#8217;s bad. I&#8217;d actually started trying to use the stick on it before I went in to see him, and the front of my shin is sensitive to the touch. So his applying serious pressure was painful! But, I know it&#8217;s important. If anything, I am a bit encouraged that it is ok to actually work on it &#8211; apparently it&#8217;s ok to feel that pain and work through it 😉 apparently a few of the best climbers in the world came in while I was there. Welcome to Boulder.. 

He told me to work on my [popliteus muscle](http://www.rocklandroadrunners.org/articles/JPKknees.html) (behind the knee), as well as hamstrings, and glute and ab work. For my abs, he just told me to focus on rollups with my legs together straight in front of me, abs pulled in. We all know there&#8217;s a ton of ab exercises out there, so it was good to have something specific that should help with performance. 

After leaving the Club, I went right over to KJ&#8217;s house where we had the second installment of &#8220;Marathon Movie Monday&#8221; (it&#8217;s actually just Running Movie Monday, but that doesn&#8217;t have the same ring). She made dinner (I helped a bit) and we watched &#8220;Spirit of the Marathon&#8221;. Once again, I teared up. I can&#8217;t believe I don&#8217;t own that movie! 

#### Food

Scrambled eggs with crimini mushroom (with a touch of caraway havarti cheese), seeduction bread  
Tea  
Cucumber, spinach, cilantro, ginger juice  
Apple  
Clean egg salad on hemp bread  
probar  
Coconut water  
Whole wheat pasta with kale pesto (also had cheese in it)  
Lentil stew  
Seeduction bread  
Berries and mango  
Vega berry sports protein