---
id: 3254
title: TBT12-Day 9
date: 2012-01-09T21:39:08-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=3254
permalink: /2012/01/tbt12-day-9/
categories:
  - tbt
---
After yesterday&#8217;s (mostly) rest day, I was eager to expend some energy today. When I got to the gym, my warmup was jumping jacks and skater jumps just to get the blood flowing! Then the actual workout was meh, but I was glad to be there.

So this whole week I&#8217;ll be obsessing over my race on Sunday, sorry about that. I&#8217;m gunning for the best marathon I&#8217;ve run in years and part of that is my mentally getting into a certain state of mind.  
For newer readers to the blog, I train with a group out of Boulder that is run by Darren de Reuck, husband of and coach to Colleen de Reuck, a four-time Olympic athlete. Yesterday my coach sent out our schedule for the week, and I just realized my final hard workout before the race will be with Colleen, Katie Blackett and Joanna Zeiger. (Three athletes who will be running the Olympic trials on Saturday &#8211; there was actually just a story posted about them in the [Daily Camera](http://www.dailycamera.com/recreation-columnists/ci_19707567)). Whoa. A teeny bit starstruck, there!

#### Exercise

  * bicep curls
  * concentration curls 
      * rows (seated cable for back, bent-over, and upright)
      * a few weak assisted pullups and lat pulldowns
      * single leg squats
      * step ups
      * hip raises
      * stability ball hamstring curls
      * hip abduction
      * hip adduction &#8211; my left side is much weaker than the right
      * p90x ab ripper</ul> 
    #### Food
    
    I must have overdone it on the cooking this weekend because I had no desire to make anything today. And then I was hungry and grumpy &#8211; no good! 
    
      * banana
      * Vega sports optimizer with BCAAs, creatine and maca
      * pb protein bars
      * tea
      * Ezekiel cereal with kefir, chia seeds, hemp seeds and blackberries
      * tofu scramble with tomato, greens, mushroom on Ezekiel toast
      * peas
      * amazing meal with almond milk
      * garbanzo beans
      * pb sandwich on Ezekiel bread
      * coconut water
      * cashews and almonds
      * gardenburger portabello burger
      * homemade kombucha