---
id: 3983
title: 'Weekly roundup (4/9- 4/15)'
date: 2012-04-15T18:29:48-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=3983
permalink: /2012/04/weekly-roundup-49-415/
categories:
  - General
---
Monday: I woke up tired and with a little stiffness in my calves. Ok, this would be the day I&#8217;d take a rest day! But I was stressed and grumpy at work and decided I needed the endorphins. So I headed out for 3.65 at an 8:33 pace. 

Tuesday: I WANTED to go to crossfit this morning, but was caught in a crazy deadline for work. I definitely could have used the workout! However, I did manage to head out to meet a few friends for the Denver Run Club &#8211; ran 3.5 at a 9:15 pace.

Wednesday: when it started raining at 5pm, I wasn&#8217;t sure how pleasant the Runners Roost Run Club would be. Glad I went, though! Did a great 7.57 miles at a 7:28 pace, and then won a Nike shirt and [Nike frees](http://insider.nike.com/us/shoes/nike-free-run-3-running-shoe-2851/)! I&#8217;d actually been eyeing the shoes so it was a thrill to win em! 

Thursday: [Crossfit in the morning](http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/2012/04/crossfit-wod-nancy/), including some running. 

Friday: I realized that since crossfit has included running lately, I&#8217;ve gone almost two weeks without a full rest day. Not the best thing to be thinking two days before a race. I did an easy 2.6 miles at an 8:24 pace. Today&#8217;s crossfit workout looked really fun, but I knew that wasn&#8217;t the right way to taper..

Saturday: It was actually nice to have a free morning to run errands! At around 8pm I realized I hadn&#8217;t done my race-eve workout so I bundled up (it was raining) and set out. I&#8217;d set my watch for a few race-pace intervals and my watch kept beeping I was going too fast, yet when I downloaded my results, they showed slower paces than I wanted. I tried not to let it bother me too much.. In all did 4.2 miles at an 8:00 pace.

Sunday: Race day! Did a little over a mile warmup with strides, then ran a 1:33:06 half. (7:07 pace). Not the race I wanted but it was still a PR. I definitely felt like my legs weren&#8217;t fresh. I&#8217;m definitely taking tomorrow completely off. What a waste to burn up my legs in training runs and not have them ready on race day. 

Weekly Miles: 36.84