---
id: 3721
title: TBT12-Day 45
date: 2012-02-18T22:42:17-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=3721
permalink: /2012/02/tbt12-day-45/
categories:
  - tbt
---
What a great day! I was dragging this morning as I headed to Boulder (although I was happy to have cheese with my toast and pb this morning!), but had a good hard workout. Then we all went for coffee, where I ordered the worlds largest chai, a veggie breggo (weird stuffed sandwich they heated on a panini press), and a chocolate croissant for later. Then a few of us went to Recovery, and those compression boots have never felt so good!! Maybe because we&#8217;d just done a good hard workout?? I did the inversion table, cold laser on my hip and the roller. Stopped at the gym for my high rep bench press (did 25&#215;65, 20&#215;60 &#8211; disappointed I didn&#8217;t get my 30 but it was a hard day) and some abs. A few blocks from home, I saw my friends Joe and Vicky strolling down the street with some friends. I waved and soon after got a text saying they were walking to lunch and did I want to join. So I threw on some clean clothes and headed out. We ended up at Root Down which is totally amazingly delicious.. And has bottomless mimosas. I got the mushroom omelette and had a few bites of their oatmeal (which has quinoa, almonds, Devonshire cream and warmed rhubarb and strawberries). We wandered into a funky antique shop where I found a treasure/gift for someone. I&#8217;m sooo excited to give it to them (I don&#8217;t think they read this, but just in case 😉 ). We wandered a bit more, down to the Mexican bakery where I got a cookie and then to menchies for froyo. Yeah, I do cheat days right! By this time we&#8217;d wandered a good ways from my house and it was starting to get chilly (especially eating frozen yogurt with no jacket) so we headed our separate ways. I&#8217;d been saying earlier I&#8217;d had no plans for the day, so how perfect to see them and have a nice relaxing day. They invited me for games night later but it had been 11 hrs since I&#8217;d really been home and I&#8217;m doing a long run tomorrow, so I relaxed instead. 

I&#8217;m so thankful this is a long weekend!!

#### Full list of the eats

&#8211; peanut butter on hemp bread with hemp seed, caraway/havarti cheese  
&#8211; tea  
&#8211; veggie breggo (sandwich warmed on a panini press)  
&#8211; chai latte  
&#8211; honey milk  
&#8211; vega sports protein  
&#8211; 2 mimosas  
&#8211; mushroom omelette  
&#8211; a few bites of amazing oatmeal/quinoa  
&#8211; reese peanut butter egg  
&#8211; cookie from the Mexican bakery  
&#8211; froyo  
&#8211; chocolate croissant (which I didnt really want, but I&#8217;d bought it earlier)  
&#8211; sweet potato soup, caraway havarti and brie cheese  
&#8211; coconut water  
&#8211; veggie juice: beet, apple, spinach, parsley

#### Exercise

&#8211; [10.28 mile Fartlek run](http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/2012/02/saturday-workout-on-the-creek-path/)  
&#8211; bench press: 25x65lbs, 20x60lbs  
&#8211; decline bench press: 15x55lbs  
&#8211; abs