---
id: 4367
title: Honesty
date: 2013-01-11T14:01:15-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=4367
permalink: /2013/01/honesty/
categories:
  - General
---
So&#8230; for those who don&#8217;t know, I pride myself on being a bit of a writer. And part of what I write about is subjectivity and perception. So even as I call this post &#8216;honesty&#8217;, I know that what I write is only part of the story. But I&#8217;ll do my best not to sugar-coat things (while still not being totally doom and gloom).

After I told my coach about my hip pain, he told me to take off Monday and Tuesday, do an easy run Wednesday, take off Thursday then run again on Friday, and report back to him. 

I went and saw Josh at Fuelary, who did some muscle tests and determined basically that my right glute wasn&#8217;t firing at all. He advised me to do some self-massage as well as some strength exercises. 

I went to the gym Tuesday and Wednesday, doing some general strength work as well as some of the PT exercises I did last time I had hip problems. I was feeling pretty good. My run Wednesday went well and I was feeling really optimistic. There was still a bit of a pinchy feeling, but I was feeling pretty happy that things were going in the right direction. Interestingly enough, it felt best to run on my forefoot (which I don&#8217;t often do). Perhaps there was just something about how I was landing more directly beneath my body?

I didn&#8217;t work out on Thursday, but my calves were nice and sore from the forefoot running of the day before. Ugh. This soreness extended into today, Friday. Also, my hip seemed to be a bit complainy all Thursday. Not pain per se, but just a nagging sensation. 

Today was my next run day. I had a conference call from 7am &#8211; noon, so I set out after that. It was a bit chilly and right away I felt the pressure on my hip with every footstrike. Crap&#8230; within 10 seconds I went inside and made an appointment with one of the massage therapists at Fuelary for later in the afternoon. Geoff had been in the room when Josh was working on me so he was aware of what I was dealing with. My comment on the appointment request form? &#8220;My right glute/hip is still bugging me and I am hoping Geoff can make me cry like a girl and loosen things up&#8221;. 

I then headed out for a run regardless. Honestly, it felt tight but I guess there was never really any true pain. It just felt tight, sometimes on my hip and sometimes more in my upper glute. But the tightness didn&#8217;t seem to affect me too much I guess &#8211; my pace was pretty decent even though this was just to try things out. I did decide near the end to run a half mile at race pace, and it was pretty easy.. to the point where I had to slow myself down! (granted I think that part of the route is downhill). Interestingly enough, I didnt really feel my hip at all during that part. Not sure if that&#8217;s because I wasn&#8217;t just thinking about the danged thing and overanalyzing.. or, perhaps because my form was more efficient? Either way, I was happy that it didnt seem to feel any worse. 

So.. I feel less confident than I did after Wednesday about being pain-free, but overall I guess that my pace was nothing to cry over. I guess I was hoping things would miraculously be back at 100% already, and that&#8217;s not the case. I hate feeling out of control and I&#8217;m just not sure what I can do about this. I still think I want to go out and race next week. I NEED to hit that 1:30. I just don&#8217;t want it to be hard.. (or, you know, cause more serious injury&#8230;.). Just going to do my best for the next week and see how it goes&#8230;

&#8212;&#8212;&#8212;&#8211;  
So that&#8217;s one side of the story. Here&#8217;s the other:

M1: 8:10  
M2: 7:59  
M3: 8:38 (this was when I reminded myself I was supposed to be going slow, and turned around)  
M3.5: 7:55  
M4: 6:50 <- I had to slow myself down; my body wanted to go 6:30-6:35 M4.5: 7:39 Overall: 4.5 miles in 35:55, or a 7:59 pace. That's not shabby, and I'd consider it an 'easy' run. I wasn't working hard to hit this, and I could have run further. I have another week to get healthier, and I know that there are other aerobic things I can do to keep my fitness up. There's no reason why I can't still keep my goal in sight. Unless I want to start arming myself with excuses (which IS a favorite pastime for me...)