---
id: 4536
title: Nervous
date: 2013-06-12T16:39:16-06:00
author: admin
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=4536
permalink: /2013/06/nervous/
categories:
  - General
---
So now the nervousness is setting in. I set the date for my surgery, but all of a sudden the matters of logistics are weighing on me. For some reason I&#8217;d been thinking that this talk of being able to bike and swim for rehab meant I could just start on that right away.. and that&#8217;s probably not the case. 

And then there&#8217;s driving. Can I drive? Or&#8230;it&#8217;s been like 100F lately &#8211; surely I&#8217;ll be able to shower or bath?? How drugged up am I going to be the next day, when I have work and school? 

I keep telling myself that all answers will be revealed at my pre-op meeting on Friday.. I guess we&#8217;ll see! In the meantime, google&#8217;s not really being helpful. I need to remember that the people who post online about knee surgeries are the ones with problems &#8211; and the majority of patients are out running, biking and being happy active people. 

It&#8217;s silly really &#8211; I know LOTS of people who&#8217;ve had surgeries.. I have a heck of a battle scar myself on the left leg that&#8217;s really never held me back. But now and then I just get this anxiety. What if, like the first surgeon I talked to said, I can&#8217;t ever get back to running 50mpw? What does that mean for a girl who&#8217;s always said that one day she&#8217;d do the Leadville 100?

I guess there are two kinds of people in the world: those that accept limitations, and those who don&#8217;t. Sure, I could sit at home out of fear of developing the arthritis that those x-rays hinted is there, (OH MY GOSH &#8211; THE DOC ACTUALLY TOLD ME NOT TO LOOK AT MY LEFT LEG BC IT LOOKS REALLY REALLY BAD ALREADY.), but why? What&#8217;m I saving them for? you know,

> “Life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in a pretty and well preserved body, but rather to skid in broadside in a cloud of smoke, thoroughly used up, totally worn out, and loudly proclaiming &#8220;Wow! What a Ride!”
> 
> Hunter S. Thompson

I know I have tons of great friends who&#8217;ll help me where I need it (and yes, I may actually admit I need it) &#8211; heck, I had three friends offer to drive me to my surgery before it was even scheduled! But part of me is thinking that maybe it&#8217;s time to just fire up my [Door to Door Organics](https://www.doortodoororganics.com/) account and see if I can&#8217;t just have my food come to me for a few weeks. How&#8217;s that for a challenge &#8211; only eat what I can have delivered every Wednesday in a cardboard box?

But man. I had been fooling myself thinking if I occupied myself with swimming and biking, I&#8217;d be ok without running&#8230; but who knows when I can even start that stuff. In the summer. in Colorado. Sad, sad Andrea. :-/