---
id: 4755
title: 'SC: Day 9'
date: 2014-04-10T02:04:14-06:00
author: Andrea Hill
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=4755
permalink: /2014/04/sc-day-9/
categories:
  - General
---
Woke up well before 6 again but for no good reason. I had PT in Denver at 8 so I knew a morning workout wasn&#8217;t in the cards. 

My PT appointment was good. She said there&#8217;s a bit of muscle weakness on my right side but it was more likely a hip issue; my right side was imbalanced which was causing my right leg to seem a bit shorter than the left! That could explain my limp&#8230; She worked on my psoas and glute. Yowza! She said my core &#8220;wasn&#8217;t super-weak, but could be better&#8221;. Hrmph! Then I did some hip strengthening.  
She recommended a couple sessions over the next two weeks, then reassess. Not bad! I&#8217;m not sure I&#8217;ll get back my two min per mile in just four sessions, but it was a welcome prognosis.

I felt out of sorts when I got to work but felt better after my lunch workout &#8211; weights and more time on the expresso bike. Then in the evening I went to Runners Roost Run Club and slugged out 10k. At 56 min, that&#8217;s really slow for me but I just keep telling myself that any run is a good run, and pouting isn&#8217;t going to make me any faster&#8230;

Oh, and I&#8217;m still 4th in our corporate challenge and my team is 1st 🙂 

Juice: kale, green apple, cilantro, beets, lemon  
Baked granola with blueberry coconut milk yogurt  
Salad: arugula, sunflower seeds, quinoa, cucumber, peppers, basil, hemp seeds, artichoke with green apple balsamic  
Nuts  
Two glasses of Bhakti chai w soy milk 🙁  
Hammer Vegan recovery bar  
Wahoos veggie bowl: brown rice, black beans, guacamole and grilled veggies