---
id: 4740
title: 'SC: Day 4'
date: 2014-04-05T04:00:30-06:00
author: Andrea Hill
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=4740
permalink: /2014/04/sc-day-4/
categories:
  - General
---
Today started off pretty busy. I got home at 11 last night from the airport and had to leave for a conference by 7am. Thankfully I&#8217;d requested a vegan/gluten-free meal when I registered, so I didn&#8217;t have to worry about that!

&#8211; hot water with lemon  
&#8211; tea  
&#8211; LOTS of water  
&#8211; macademia nuts  
&#8211; fresh fruit (melon, pineapple, strawberries)  
&#8211; salad w/ lemon on top rather than dressing  
&#8211; poblano pepper stuffed with quinoa; carrots  
&#8211; NO DESSERT &#8211; several of my MBA classmates also attended with me and they happily scarfed down my dessert as well  
&#8211; hummus and multi-seed crackers  
&#8211; Native foods baja blacked tacos  
&#8211; coconut water  
&#8211; celery

I enjoy conferences but I feel totally drained afterwards. Too much thinking! I did go grocery shopping to help prepare me for the week ahead. 

I don&#8217;t go to Native Foods as much as I used to; it feels like fast food to some extent (which I guess it is). I feel just yucky afterwards, and I don&#8217;t know if that&#8217;s because (as I recently learned) they put soy in just about everything! Unlike yesterday where I felt so much energy from the healthy food I was eating, I just felt blah after my meal. However, I know I need to figure out something hearty because after a few salads in a row I just don&#8217;t feel satiated. I picked up some portabello mushrooms and beans at the store, so hopefully those will help with me not feeling like I&#8217;m completely limited to rabbit food! 

I had planned to go to yoga tonight but when I got there the class was cancelled. I didn&#8217;t feel too upset, however, as I was feeling a bit scattered and I wasn&#8217;t sure if the hot room would be that great for me &#8211; it can sometimes leave me feeling light-headed as well. I did some errands around the house and just tried to regroup after a long busy week. Geez, I used to love traveling for work, but these past few days have really weighed on me. I can&#8217;t be \*gasp\* getting old??

(No &#8211; I think I just have way too much on my plate right now. I keep forgetting appointments and such, and I&#8217;m being more reactive than proactively planning for things. I&#8217;m sure it&#8217;ll all settle down soon!) 

Oh, last thing. Two years ago when I did the TBT I was pretty consistently around 113lbs. Over the past 4 months or so I&#8217;ve been a stubborn 118, which is actually the highest I&#8217;ve stuck at for an extended period of time. It was just annoying &#8211; I don&#8217;t tie any self-worth to that number, I just didn&#8217;t like that it didn&#8217;t seem to want to budge. Three days of this no added sugar thing and just being a bit more stringent in my diet? The scale said 116 this morning.