---
id: 4915
title: Naturopathy 2015
date: 2015-07-08T00:43:17-06:00
author: Andrea Hill
layout: post
guid: http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/?p=4915
permalink: /2015/07/naturopathy-2015/
categories:
  - General
---
Another trip to Canada = another trip to a naturopath! 

This time I saw Sydney Carpenter from BYOBalance. I used to see her father Brian starting when I was 21. It was funny to review my old records. When I first went to see him I struggled with fatigue and numbness in my extremities. Things have changed!

I was curious to see what she would say as the last testing I did was a few years ago, which demonstrated that my body was sensitive to [dairy, eggs, gluten and bananas](http://www.afhill.com/gothedistance/2012/03/my-body-wants-me-to-be-paleo/) (as well as a few others). I was good and respected that for awhile but have really fallen off the wagon as of late. 

The first thing Sydney did was a blood draw, and we looked at it under a microscope. She said that the red blood cells were sticking together more than she&#8217;d like, and identified some areas where it seemed I may have some issues with heavy metals, and said my adrenals and heart may be working a bit more than they have to be. I didnt think too much of the red blood cells stacking up until we saw Sara&#8217;s blood: it was all little puffy clouds of red blood cells floating freely. It was really interesting to see the difference. We didnt dive too much into it then but doing some reading afterwards has been really interesting. Sydney said that my liver was &#8220;thirsty&#8221;, that it wasnt able to do what it could not because I needed water but because I needed to take some salt to get my sodium levels right. After the appointment I googled what it meant to have red blood cells stacked (rouleau) is an adaptation to water deficiency &#8211; and a sign of/related to high blood pressure! (I have borderline hbp)

She then moved to [muscle testing](http://www.livestrong.com/article/318588-holistic-muscle-testing/). This stuff may seem a little woo-woo, but I think there&#8217;s something there. Basically it stems from energy systems: your body is a system and if something is harmful, energy is diverted to that space and other areas become compromised. Right off the bat, I held my left arm up and she pressed down, and my arm went down. That&#8217;s a bit unusual. We tried again&#8230; and then she suggested I take off my garmin vivofit. This time when she pressed down, my arm stayed strong. Well geez&#8230;. 

So yeah, apparently some people are sensitive to electronics. I seem to be one of those people (we tested my strength next to her computers, and then a few feet away, and it definitely changed. Pretty awesome for someone who lives in this world, works on computers and is never further than a foot away from her smartphone&#8230;.

Anyway. The food part.  
She tested me with all sorts of foods touching me, and the same culprits caused my arm to be unable to resist her pressure. Eggs, butter, gluten, table salt, refined sugars, caffeine, bananas. A few new friends too: gluten-free oats (!), soy and avocados. 

As the pile of no-nos grew, I prepared myself for a list of supplements she was going to try to sell me at the end. She went through a bunch of things (you hold your arm up holding a supplement while the harmful food rests on your knee, and if the supplement will work for you, the arm stays strong) And I was impressed: she narrowed it down to two things that would solve a lot of the absorption problems. Crystal or French sea salts (yeah, you read that right. That Himalayan stuff wont do the trick!), and Chlorella. With those my body should begin breaking down and processing things better. Rather than saying &#8220;avoid the foods from now til eternity&#8221;, the directions are to avoid them until I&#8217;ve gotten rid of some heavy metals and have sufficient sodium balance. 

I wish I could capture everything we went through, because we went through to see how my various organs were doing, and I felt much more informed than just getting back a report of things I was sensitive to. I do wish that she weren&#8217;t in Canada because it&#8217;d be great to do a check in in a few months and see how things are. 

And because I&#8217;m me, I&#8217;m using this as the impetus to really do it: to clean up my diet and cut out a lot of this stuff. I&#8217;ve really become a chocolate fiend again lately but I&#8217;m using this as the excuse to exercise that will-power. I will have a cheat day now and then but I want to be good to my body. I was in the best shape of my life and felt great when I was eating right, I need to get back to it.